How can I earn credits for doctoral studies and how many credits do I need to earn in total?
What information should be included in a subject descprition?
Can I ask to be dismissed at my own request if I am transferred to a self-pay course?
When are the professors obligated to provide a second retake for a midterm?
How will my degree certificate result be calculated?
Am I allowed to end my demonstrator status before the semester ends?
What data should a request for redress have to contain?
What is an absolutorium?
What does dual training programme involve?
What happens if I forget to register for an active term?
How many hours per semester are there in a doctoral programme, and how many credits can be earned in a semester?
Do you only have to take a final examination at the end of the BSc course?
How many more tasks does a PhD student have than a demonstrator?
Is there a second retake midterm exam for each subject, and can it be held on the day after the retake midterm exam?
Can I get my exam paper back after it has been corrected and use it as an aid in my next exam?
What is the premliminary course scedule and must it always be followed?
Which can I ask for: to be transferred to a self-payed course or to be fired?
Who needs more credits in total, the MSc student or the doctoral student?
Is the exam as long as the lesson?
Can the instructor say that it is compulsory to attend eighty per cent of the classes in exchange for no third party present at the oral exam?
What is the difference between an exam and a midterm exam?
What happens if I fall ill and cannot take the second retake exam?
Can there be classes after 9 pm?
What happens if everyone fails the first Calculus exam?
Is there a religion class at university?
Are there negative consequences if I borrow a memory card from the university and do not return it?
Is the late completion period after the study period or the exam period?
I didn't fit in the course, but it was compulsory, what should I do now?
I forgot my password for the SAS, so I can't read it, is it a problem?
What happens, if I don't pay for my second retake exam?
Isn't it suspicious that everyone got an A in Probability?
Which university is better, BME or ELTE?
Why is the Physics teacher so annoying?
Can my best friend be the dean?
Can you yell on campus?
How many credits are the Maths related subjects?
Is it more typical to have an oral exam or a written exam?
How can I log into the SAS?
Why is the enrolment process so slow?
More credits for lessons in German, right?