         Senate Decision № X./10./2015-2016.
(2016.
VII.
11.)
Code of Studies and Exams of BME  OFFICIAL TRANSLATION In case of divergence of interpretation, the Hungarian version shall prevail.
Consolidated version of the Code of Studies and Exams of BME incorporating: Senate Decisions № II./3./2016-2017., VII./4./2016-2017., VIII./4./2016-2017., 
IV./4./2017-2018., X./5./2017-2018.,IX./2./2018-2019., V./3./2019-2020., II./1./2020-2021., V./1./2020-2021.,X./3./2020-2021., V./2./2021-2022., X./2./2021-2022., XI./2./2021-2022., XII./1./2021-2022., I./2./2022-2023., V./2./2022-2023., XI./5./2022-2023.
In force as of 1 September 2016  Rector’s Cabinet Department of Academic Affairs  Table of Contents CHAPTER I	General provisions	4 1.
Purpose, personal scope and effective date of the Code of Studies and Exams	4 2.
Bodies and persons involved in the implementation of the Code of Studies and Exams	6 3.
Education management and education-related information and guidance	12 3/A Electronic administration of studies	15 CHAPTER II	The structure and the content of training programmes	15 4.
Training formats and study modes	15 5.
Academic programmes and training	18 6.
Basic structural components of training	19 7.
Training programme, curriculum and recommended curriculum	22 8.	Credit accumulation	25 9.
Learning outcomes	26 10.
Subject description and subject requirements	27 11.
Course	29 12.
Preliminary course schedule	31 13.
Talent management	33 14.
Remedial education	36 CHAPTER III	The legal framework of higher education studies	39 15.
Student’s legal status, rights and obligations	39 16.
Admission and transfer	40 17.
Establishment of a student’s legal status, enrolment and registration	43 18.
Suspension of the student’s legal status	46 19.
Termination of the student’s legal status	48 20.
Reclassification rules	52 21.
Guest student legal status, partial transfer	55 22.
Completion of part of a programme	57 23.
Parallel studies	58 24.
Selection of autonomous curricular units	59 25.
Instructors’ obligations and rights	62 CHAPTER IV	Organisation of academic work,  evaluation of learning outcomes	63 26.
Periods of study	63 27.
Announcement of subjects and courses	65 28.
System and framework of subject and course registration	68 29.
System of contact lessons, attendance and participation requirements	72 30.
Language teaching and physical education	74 31.
The assessment and evaluation of academic achievement	75 32.
Scheduling and planning assessments of academic achievement within the instruction period	77 33.
Rules regarding exams and complex exams	81 34.
Rules regarding retake, repeat and late completion	87 35.
Public attendance of assessments of academic achievement, records of results	91 36.
Subject equivalency and credit recognition	95 37.
Preferential course schedule	99 38.
Academic honesty, sanctions against academic and exam offences	101 CHAPTER V	Completion of studies	105 39.
Writing a bachelor thesis and master thesis	105 40.
Public availability of the bachelor and master thesis	109 40/A.
Output requirements for specialist languages	111 41.
The leaving certificate	114 42.
Final examination	116 43.
Conflict of interest	121 44.
Degree certificate, diploma supplement, student register and register extract	121 CHAPTER VI	Rules regarding demonstrators	124 45.
The activities of demonstrators and the application process	124 46.
The rights and responsibilities of demonstrators	125 47.
Remuneration of demonstrators	126 CHAPTER VII	Doctoral programmes	127 48.
General rules of doctoral programmes	127 49.
Admission and enrolment	128 50.
Rights, responsibilities and remuneration of doctoral students	130 51.
Organising the studies of doctoral students	130 52.
Assessment of the academic performance	131 53.
Complex exam	131 54.
Rules regarding the research and dissertation phase	132 55.
Suspending and terminating the student status	133 CHAPTER VIII	Postgraduate specialist training programmes	134 56.
Special rules on admission and student status	134 57.
Special rules for the organisation of academic work and the assessment of academic performance	135 58.
Suspending and terminating the student status	136 CHAPTER IX	Study and exam related procedures of the first instance	137 59.
General rules of procedure	137 60.
Scope of authority and competence	139 61.
Special treatment based on equity	146 CHAPTER X	Appeals	148 62.
General rules of redress procedures	148 63.
Requests for redress	149 64.
Appeal procedure	152 CHAPTER XI	Closing provisions	160 65.
Definitions	160 66.
Enacting and enabling provisions	171 67.
Temporary provisions	173 68.
Modifying provisions	176    In agreement with the University Students’ Union, pursuant to the regulation requirements included in Act CCIV of 2011 on National Higher Education, Government Decree 87/2015 (IV.9.)
on the implementation of certain provisions of Act CCIV of 2011 on National Higher Education, Government Decree 423/2012 (XII.29.)
on the higher education admission procedure, Government Decree 387/2012 (XII.19.)
on doctoral schools, the doctoral degree award procedure and habilitation, based on the authorisation granted in Act CCIV of 2011 on National Higher Education, the Senate of the Budapest University of Technology and Economics adopts the following code as part of its Rules of Organisation and Operation: General provisions Purpose, personal scope and effective date of the Code of Studies and Exams [Purpose and principles of the Code] The Code of Studies and Exams (hereinafter referred to as ‘Code’) aims to regulate the rights and obligations of students, instructors and the Budapest University of Technology and Economics (hereinafter referred to as ‘University’) arising from the student’s legal status; set uniform organisational and governance procedures for the actors of education; help create and maintain the set of conditions and the institutional framework required for sharing and acquiring competitive knowledge.
This Code can be cited as the ‘BME CoS’.
During the procedure the acting body or person takes into account the facts regarding the case concerned, evaluates all evidence in accordance with its due weight, and establishes its decision on true facts.
To improve efficiency, decision making persons or bodies are required to organise their activities to ensure that the procedure is closed in the shortest possible time, without compromising the requirements to reveal the facts and using advanced technologies.
Parties affected by academic and exam matters are allowed to make a statement, remark any time in the course of the procedure.
In exercising rights and fulfilling obligations, as laid down by the present Code, the parties concerned shall carry out their actions in accordance with the principles of good faith, fair dealing and obligation of cooperation.
The requirements of good faith and fair dealing shall be considered breached where a party’s exercise of rights is contradictory to his previous actions which the other party had reason to rely on.
The parties concerned may not conduct themselves in such a manner as to mislead the acting person or body or cause an unjustifiable delay in decision-making or enforcement.
The parties concerned shall be presumed to act in good faith, the burden of proof for bad faith lies with the acting body or person.
Unless otherwise provided for by this Code, in exercising rights and fulfilling obligations, what can be expected of or by a person, or in a particular situation, is a reference to what can reasonably be expected.
A person may not rely, in support of his claim, on an unlawful act he has committed.
A person who himself engaged in an unlawful act may also rely on the wrongful act committed by others.
[The personal scope of the Code] The personal scope of the Code extends to any person with a student’s legal status with the University subject to subsection (1) of Section 39 of Act CCIV of 2011 on National Higher Education (hereinafter referred to as ‘Higher Education Act’) and who established their student’s legal status not in compliance with the procedure defined in Section 41 of Government Decree № 423/2012; to any person without a student’s legal status with the University for the period of making arrangements for their final exam who enter for a final exam after the termination of their student’s legal status (in this case, the personal scope of the Code extends to them only to the extent of the provisions related to their final exam); any organisational unit, instructor, researcher and professor or person with teaching and education management duties (hereinafter referred to as ‘instructor’).
Persons with a student’s legal status who established such status prior to 1 September 2006 may be subject to different provisions defined by this Code.
Persons with a student’s legal status who established such status prior to 1 September 2012 may be subject to different provisions defined by this Code.
The provisions of this Code must be applied with regard to variations defined in Chapter VII for students in doctoral programmes.
The provisions of this Code must be applied with regard to variations defined in Chapter VIII for students in postgraduate specialist training programmes.
Bodies and persons involved in the implementation of the Code of Studies and Exams [University Study Committee] To coordinate the academic and exam related matters of the students at university level, the Senate establishes the University Study Committee (hereinafter referred to as ‘USC’).
Voting members of the USC include the vice-rector for education also acting as the chair of the committee; the rector’s delegate; the chancellor’s delegate; the vice-deans for education from each faculty; the director of the Central Academic Office (hereinafter referred to as ‘CAO’); and  students delegated by the University Students’ and Doctoral Students’ Representation (hereinafter referred to as ‘USDSR’).
One-fourth of the members of the USC are students.
The members of the USC must fulfil the duties of their appointment in person; representation by proxy is not permitted.
The membership of the USC is terminated when the delegate is revoked; the appointment ends if the member is appointed; the public servant status is terminated; the student status is terminated; a member resigns; or a member dies.
The USC  autonomously defines and adopts its standing orders; holds at least one ordinary meeting every six months; holds an extraordinary meeting, convened by the chair, if requested in writing by at least one-fifth of the voting members; has a quorum if at least two-thirds of the voting members are present; adopts decisions by a simple majority of the members present; and  may have other persons present at its meetings, invited by the chair, contributing in an advisory capacity.
The USC is responsible for the coordination of academic and exam related matters at university level as well as the preparation of and providing feedback on regulations; the release of formal opinions on the implementation and interpretation of this Code, subject to the consent of the University Students’ Union; and the oversight and support of the work of the faculty study committees.
The validity of the formal opinion in point b) of subsection (7) is subject to the approval of the Legal Department of the Chancellor’s Office.
Section 3/A [University Social Committee] To handle and process the social matters of the students, the Senate establishes the University Social Committee (hereinafter referred to as ‘USOC’).
Voting members of the USOC include a student delegated by the USR also acting as the chair of the committee;  two public servants delegated by the chancellor; an instructor delegated by the rector; and a student delegated by each Faculty Students’ Union.
The members of the USOC must fulfil the duties of their appointment in person; representation by proxy is not permitted.
The USOC autonomously defines and adopts its standing orders; holds at least one ordinary meeting every six months; holds an extraordinary meeting, convened by the chair, if requested in writing by at least one-fifth of the voting members; has a quorum if at least two-thirds of the voting members are present; adopts decisions by a simple majority of the members present; and may have other persons present at its meetings, invited by the chair, contributing in an advisory capacity.
The duties and powers as well as the conditions of the termination of the committee membership are defined by the regulations on student fees and benefits.
[Membership and powers of the Study Committee of the Faculty] The Study Committee of the Faculty (hereinafter referred to as ‘FSC’) is the body of first instance responsible for study and exam matters.
The FSC acts in matters related to  the establishment, suspension and termination of the student’s legal status, initiated based on a request; the organisation of academic work (announcement of subjects and courses, subject and course registration), initiated based on a request; the organisation, execution of assessments, exams and complex exams as well as any associated disputes; and student equity cases   and any other matters that are referred to its powers by this Code, applicable laws or regulatory instruments.
The FSC elaborates its standing orders that will be approved by the Faculty Council.
The FSC’s membership: six members with a voting right and alternate members (two instructors and three students); 50 per cent are students; one instructor member also acting as its chairman is the vice dean for education, other instructor members and alternate members are elected by the Faculty Council.
the elected instructor member and alternate member are appointed for a term corresponding with the mandate of the Faculty Council, which may be renewed without limitation; the student members and alternate members are delegated by the Faculty Students’ Union, from among its members; student members and alternate members are appointed for a term defined by the Faculty Students’ Union, which may be renewed without limitation; members fulfil the duties of their appointment in person; if the elected instructor member and/or the delegated student member are unable to attend, they may be substituted by the alternate members; and the FSC makes its decisions in the shortest possible time, primarily relying on advanced technologies.
The FSC, initiated based on a request or inquiry, adopts a case-by-case resolution and in a group of identical matters, adopts a general resolution in principle.
The FSC’s decisions under point a) are applicable to all the parties concerned while its resolutions under point b) are applicable to all persons with regard to the educational activities of the faculty.
The FSC’s general resolutions are not regulatory instruments.
(5a)	The FSC’s decisions are adopted by a simple majority voting.
Persons concerned in or expected to have a biased position about a specific matter are not allowed to be engaged in the decision-making.
Prior to the adoption of a general resolution in principle,  the FSC may request a formal opinion from the USC, and following the adoption of such resolution, the FSC forwards it to the USC and publishes it on the faculty’s website.
With the exceptions defined under subsection (9), the FSC acts through a two-member council including its chair and a student member appointed by the chair of the Faculty Students’ Union.
No decisions will be valid unless mutually agreed by both members.
In absence of an agreement or if the chair is directly concerned, the FSC’s complete membership will be required to act.
The FSC’s chair is allowed to take any measures and make any procedural decisions with regard to matters in the FSC’s powers, with the exception of the adoption of any final decisions, that are not expressly referred by this Code to the powers of the FSC’s complete membership.
The FSC’s complete membership acts in case of adoption of a general resolution in principle; and in matters that are referred by the FSC’s chair to the powers of the complete membership due to their complexity and/or importance.
[University Credit Transfer Committee] In order to promote the uniform coordination of credit transfer as well as credit and competence recognition at university level, the Senate establishes a University Credit Transfer Committee (hereinafter referred to as ‘UCTC’).
Voting members of the UCTC include the vice-rector for education also acting as the chair of the committee; the chairs of the Credit Transfer Committees of the Faculties; the delegate of the Student Union of the University.
The UCTC autonomously defines and adopts its standing orders; holds at least one ordinary meeting every academic year; holds an extraordinary meeting, convened by the chair, if requested in writing by at least one-fifth of the voting members; has a quorum if at least two-thirds of the voting members are present; adopts decisions by a simple majority of the members present; may have other persons present at its meetings, invited by the chair, contributing in an advisory capacity.
The UCTC is responsible for the coordination of credit transfer and recognition related matters at university level as well as the preparation of and the provision of feedback on regulations; the release of formal opinions and guidelines related to credit transfer and recognition matters; the oversight and support of the Credit Transfer Committees of the Faculties, development and implementation of uniform principles of credit transfer and recognition.
[Composition and competence of the Credit Transfer Committee of the Faculty] Credit transfer and recognition matters defined under subsection (5) and (6) of Section 49 of the Higher Education Act as well as competence recognition in accordance with subsection (7) of Section 57 of Government Decree 87/2015 (IV.
9.)
on the implementation of certain provisions of Act CCIV of 2011 on National Higher Education (hereinafter referred to as ‘Vhr’) are addressed at the first instance by the Credit Transfer Committee of the Faculty (hereinafter referred to as ‘FCTC’).
The FCTC autonomously defines and adopts its standing orders.
The FCTC: has at least three and at most eight voting members; has one student member contributing in an advisory capacity; includes one instructor member also acting as its chair is the vice dean for education, other instructor members are elected by the Faculty Council; the instructor member is appointed for a term corresponding with the mandate of the Faculty Council, which may be renewed without limitation; the student member is delegated by the faculty’s Students’ Union from among its own members; the student member is appointed for a term defined by the Faculty Students’ Union, which may be renewed without limitation; the FSC adopts its decisions in the shortest possible time, primarily relying on advanced technologies.
may seek professional advice from programme, specialisation or subject coordinators to support its activities; the chair – exercising assigned powers – is authorised to adopt decisions in the FCTC’s name; in accordance with subsection (2) of Section 36 of Vhr, its resolutions must be maintained as part of the student register.
[Rules of data processing and competences] In order to perform its data processing and recording responsibilities defined in this Code, the Central Academic Office operates a study administration system (hereinafter referred to as ‘SAS’).
SAS means the ‘NEPTUN Integrated Study Administration System’ and the related systems as a whole.
The performance of the responsibilities in subsection (1) will be divided among the head, staff members of the Directorate of Education of the Rector’s Cabinet, the faculty administrator, the student’s data controller, the staff members of the Chancellor’s Office, the (faculty) coordinator of academic matters, the (faculty) administrator of academic matters, the instructor and the student, as specified by this Code.
The vice-rector for education, the director for education, the chancellor or their representatives may act as data controllers with regard to programmes (training programmes) and students.
They may extend their powers to any matters that are assigned to the persons defined in points b), c), e), f) and of subsection (3) of this Code or other university regulations.
The faculty administrator is responsible for processing the data of the (academic) programme (training programme) in the SAS and acts as data controller, based on the authority granted by the regulations.
They may extend their powers to any matters that are assigned to the persons defined in points e), f)and g) of subsection (3) of this Code or other university regulations.
The student’s data controller, is a staff member of the Central Academic Office in case of training programmes defined in points a)– c) of subsection (1) of Section 11. in case of the training programme defined in point d) of subsection (1) of Section 11. is a staff member of the Dean’s Office of the faculty that is responsible for the student’s Doctoral School, in case of a student’s legal status established in the training programme defined in subsection (2)of Section 11., – unless otherwise provided by a university regulatory provision – is a staff member of the Dean’s Office of the faculty or of the organisational unit appointed by the dean for this purpose that is responsible for the training programme, in case of a guest student’s legal status defined in Section 77. of Title 21 and student’s legal status for supplementary studies defined in Title 22, is a staff member of the Dean’s Office of the faculty approving the establishment of the student’s legal status.
Mandated by university level regulations, staff members of the Chancellor’s Office act as data controller in case of financial matters, placement in a residence hall and legal redress related to students.
The (faculty) coordinator of academic matters is an employee of the educational organisational unit (faculty, institution) employed in a teaching position whose roles and responsibilities beyond the ones defined in this Code are determined by university and faculty level regulations.
They may extend their powers to any matters that are assigned to the persons defined in points f) and g) of (3)of this Code.
The (faculty) administrator of academic matters, is an employee of the educational organisational unit (faculty, institution) whose roles and responsibilities beyond the ones defined in this Code are determined by university and faculty level regulations.
Education management and education-related information and guidance [General student information] The University ensures that students can access the following information in the language of their training on the website of the Central Academic Office: this Code, any other regulations enabling the implementation of this Code, all the university level regulations on fees and benefits, policies on student matters related to disciplinary action, compensation and legal redress; schedule of the academic year and the academic term; procedure and opening hours for managing students’ study matters by the Central Academic Office; name and contact details of the international exchange programmes [mobility] coordinator and the equal opportunities coordinator responsible for disabled students; ways of accessing university-level study guidance and life-long guidance; detailed description of enrolment and registration for bachelor, master and single-cycle programmes; information important for foreign students [including but not limited to obtaining a residency permit, living costs, healthcare services, insurance]; general terms of agreement for bachelor, master and single-cycle programmes; detailed description of admission, enrolment, registration and financing for part-time studies and supplementary studies for students with a guest student’s legal status; opportunities for accommodation in a dormitory or halls of residence; library and computer services; sports and leisure facilities; brief description of the university’s talent management programmes; brief description of the university’s remedial programmes; ways of accessing services available at the university.
The Dean of the faculty responsible for the programme makes sure that students of the programme can access the following information in the language of their training on the website of the faculty and the Central Academic Office:  training programme of the programme; provisions on the modification of the training programme; faculty regulations applicable to studies; schedule of the academic year including faculty-specific features [including but not limited to choice of specialisations, final exam period, internship period, faculty-level holidays]; opening hours for students at the Dean’s Office; ways of accessing faculty-level study guidance and contact details of study consultant(s); names and contact details of persons responsible for programmes and those responsible for majors and specialisations, if any; general terms of agreements for postgraduate specialist training programmes and doctoral programmes; detailed description of application, admission, enrolment and registration procedures for postgraduate specialist training programmes and doctoral programmes; names and contact details of persons responsible for talent management; information on Students’ Scientific Association activities; contact details of faculty-level students’ union.
[System of student consultancy] Students are provided with information and consultancy in the language of their training – based on the division of labour outlined in subsection (2) – by students’ data controller, the Chancellor’s Office, the Faculty Students’ Union, the faculty’s Dean’s Office and the competent educational organisational unit.
Students can contact their data controller or the competent employee of the data controller organisation with issues related to the establishment, suspension and termination of their legal status and a change in their form of financing; the Faculty Students’ Union with issues related to study obligations and associated problems, general issues related to institutional regulations, legal relationship as a student, as well as issues related to education grants, social benefits and halls of residence accommodation; the Dean’s Office of the faculty in charge of their programme and the faculty’s Vice Dean for Education or Vice Dean for International Relations with issues related to the management of their studies, the training content of programmes and faculty-level regulations; the training officer of the competent educational organisational unit, the Dean’s Office of the faculty in charge of their programme or the faculty’s Vice Dean for Education or Vice Dean for International Relations with issues related to concluding their studies at a programme, internship, final exam arrangements, majors and specialisations (if any at the programme); the Chancellor’s Office with issues related to life coaching career management or psychological guidance.
If the organisation or person contacted by the student is not competent in the given issue, they are obliged to refer the student to the competent organisation or person or the organisation or person they believe to be competent immediately but not later than in three days.
Student consultancy is supported and overseen by the Rector’s Cabinet for matters specified in subsection (2) a) to d) above.
[Special rules of study information] The University’s postgraduate specialist training programmes and part-time [evening, correspondence, distance learning] courses are not automatically available every academic year.
By failing to follow the recommended curriculum, students admitted to such programmes or courses risk the successful completion of their studies.
The information provided in the student’s study contract regarding the conditions in subsection (1) is customised for each programme.
Where this Code requires the notification of students, this shall be done through the SAS, including the information provided for in Article 8.
Decisions relating to the student's rights and obligations and to the organisation of the student's studies shall be communicated to the student via the SAS.
The rules on information and notification shall be communicated to the student at the time of enrolment.
3/A Electronic administration of studies Section 10/A [General rules on the electronic administration of studies] At the University, matters relating to student status and studies shall be handled electronically through the SAS, exceptionally, by internal regulation, in an information system other than the SAS.
Unless otherwise provided by law or internal regulation, the data of documents and electronic forms submitted through the SAS shall be verified in advance free of charge and authenticated by the submitter free of charge using the Regulated Electronic Administration Services (hereinafter referred to as ’REAS’) and the Central Electronic Administration Services (hereinafter referred to as ’CEAS’).
The following shall be authenticated in REAS or CEAS electronic copy of the exam sheet; electronic copy of the comprehensive exam report; electronic copy of the complex exam report; electronic copy of the final examination report; electronic copy of the bachelor (master) thesis; student’s statement submitted in the SAS other statements by the lecturer or student, related to the studies.
The structure and the content of training programmes Training formats and study modes [Study levels] At the University, students can pursue studies providing a higher education degree and qualifications at the following levels: bachelor training programme (BA, BSc); master training programme (MA, MSc); single-cycle training programme; doctoral training programme (PhD, DLA).
The University may organise postgraduate specialist training programmes, which do not award a higher education degree.
[Study languages] Following their statutory registration, by the Office of Education, the academic programmes under Section 11. may be announced in the following languages: Hungarian English German French and Russian.
The same academic programme may be announced in multiple languages simultaneously.
Courses of the same type of any subject within an academic programme may be announced in multiple languages simultaneously.
[Work order of programmes] Programmes under Section 11. may be organised in full-time (daytime), part-time (evening or correspondence), or distance learning format.
Full-time programmes must include at least 200 contact lessons (for doctoral studies at least 40 contact lessons) or the equivalent of closed-system online learning every term.
Full-time programmes must be organised between 8 a.m and 8 p.m. on working days during weeks including 5 school-days weekly.
Deviation from this provision is allowed subject to the agreement of the University Students’ Representation.
Full-time programmes may also be offered as dual or cooperative programmes.
The criteria regarding the organisation of dual programmes are determined by the rector, in agreement with the University Students’ Representation and the chancellor and the criteria regarding cooperative programmes are determined by the dean of the faculty in charge of the academic programme, in agreement with the programme owner and the Faculty Students’ Representation, in an order.
The duration of part-time programmes – not including the training format under subsection (2)of Section 11.
– is at least 30 and at most 50 per cent of the number of lessons in full-time programmes in each term.
The duration of distance learning programmes must not exceed 30 per cent of the number of lessons in full-time programmes in each term.
The duration of the training format under subsection (2)of Section 11.  is at least 20 and at most 50 per cent of the number of lessons in full-time programmes in each term.
Classes are held as follows: in evening programmes, between 4 p.m. and 10 p.m. on working days and at weekends (Saturday) during the instruction period,  in correspondence programmes, unless otherwise agreed with the students concerned, with the combination of multiple classes, maximum every two weeks, on working days or at weekends (Saturday) and through the use of distance learning methods in the remaining part of the programme; in distance learning programmes, unless otherwise agreed with the students concerned, maximum every three weeks, on working days or at weekends (Saturday).
Section 13/A [Education organization formats]  Programmes pursuant to Section 13 (1) a) and b) may be organized in in-person or a closed-system online education format.
Programmes shall be organized in in-person or closed-system online education format, except for the cases given in (3)-(6).
Programmes of the University may be organized entirely in distance education format if a state of emergency requires.
The Rector decides on the application of general distance education work order to all study activities based on the proposal of the USC, with the prior consent of the responsible ministry.
If in-person education is excluded by law, decision of authorities or order of the responsible ministry, all study activities must be carried out in distance education format.
In a state of emergency – within the framework of the temporary regulation issued by the Rector – the dean may, at the request of the lecturer, authorize or compulsorily prescribe the retention of certain study activities in the form of distance education.
In exceptional circumstances, the FSC may, at the request of the student, allow him / her to continue his / her studies in part or in full under a preferential course schedule.
[Changing of work order of programme] At the student’s request, the study mode, including switching between dual and non-dual programmes, the language of instruction and the training location may be changed.
The rules under Section 54. and Section 55. regarding transfer will be applied to the change of the study mode, language of instruction and the training location, as appropriate, disregarding the criteria for academic requirements.
Academic programmes and training [Programme] The programme is the unified system of training content (knowledge, competences, skills) required for obtaining specific qualifications.
The University offers the following types of programmes based on their level of training: bachelor programmes; master programmes; single-cycle programmes, postgraduate specialist training programmes.
The training content of a programme is determined by the person responsible for the programme, while the management of studies is the responsibility of the head of the organisational unit in charge of the programme.
The organisational unit in charge of the programme defined under subsection (2)must be one of the faculties of the University.
One academic programme may only be managed by one faculty.
[Training] In the Study Administration System (SAS) used by the University, training shall comprise the programme, its type, language and study mode.
In the SAS, students should be assigned to training.
In the SAS, training needs to be identified with a training code.
Trainings are unambiguously identified by a training code.
Training codes are a series of symbols of unrestricted length, starting with a number and including digits and letters and maximum one hyphen (-).
The training code:  the first character is the digit code of the faculty in charge of the training (1 – Faculty of Civil Engineering, 2 – Faculty of Mechanical Engineering, 3 – Faculty of Architecture, 4 – Faculty of Chemical Technology and Biotechnology, 5 – Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Informatics, 6 – Faculty of Transportation Engineering and Vehicle Engineering, 9 – Faculty of Natural Sciences, 7 – Faculty of Economic and Social Sciences), the second character identifies the study mode (N – full-time, L – part-time correspondence, E – part-time evening, T – distance learning), the third character identifies the language of instruction (- [hyphen] – Hungarian, A – English, N – German, F – French, O – Russian), the fourth character identifies the programme type (A – bachelor programme, M – master programme, O – single-cycle programme, T or S – postgraduate specialist training programme, D or 3 – doctoral programme), the fifth and any additional characters identify the (academic) programme, the doctoral school in case of a doctoral training programme, the closing character series is ‘R’ if a training for supplementary studies must be identified.
Basic structural components of training [Subject] A study unit or subject is the structural/logical basic unit of University studies that cannot be divided any further.
It sets professional requirements that can be fulfilled by completing specific studies (e.g.
course(s) assigned to the subject) or a single study action (a comprehensive exam or internship) specified for a given term.
By its nature, a subject can be a study unit with a specified number of contact hours as set out in the curriculum and in the timetable including a given number of (average) weekly or term-based instructor-led contact lessons for a term (lecture, practice, laboratory practice, field practice, teaching practice or their combination); a study unit without contact hours in the timetable including a given number of weekly (term-based) lessons in the curriculum (e.g.
bachelor thesis, master thesis writing, independent or group exercise, design exercise, project, project task, research, publication activity); a study unit without contact hours in the curriculum or in the timetable including no lessons that can be fulfilled with a single action (e.g.
a comprehensive exam or internship).
Based on its role in the curriculum, a subject can be compulsory, which must be registered for and completed, compulsory elective, of which students have to add and complete a given number of credits as specified in the curriculum; optional, not identified by the curriculum on an itemised basis, but of which students have to add and complete a given number of credits; or a criterion requirement of which students have to add and complete a given number of subjects to obtain their degree or qualification.
The same subject can fill several roles of those identified in subsection (3) and it can be included in the curricula of several degree programmes.
[Types of evaluation] The quality of fulfilling study requirements assigned to a given subject at the University – other than the criteria specified in the curriculum – is evaluated with a grade based on a scale of five in compliance with point a) of subsection (7) of Section 56 of Vhr.
A grade can be: a mid-term grade (abbreviated as ‘f’) or an exam grade (abbreviated as ‘v’).
The mark as in section (2) can only be used to evaluate learning outcomes for a subject with credits.
Evaluation of learning outcomes for a criterion requirement without credits can be completed with a signature (abbreviated as ‘a’) or with a grade on a scale of five.
The value of a signature can be either ‘Signed’ or ‘Denied’.
In cases specified hereunder, besides the grade given on a scale of one to five, the value of a mid-term grade can also be ‘Not completed’.
In cases specified hereunder, besides the grade given on a scale of one to five, the value of an exam (comprehensive exam) grade can also be the lack of any entry.
[Subject code] Subjects are unambiguously identified by a subject code.
Subject codes are a series of symbols of eleven characters including exclusively digits and letters.
The first three characters of a subject code  are ‘BME’, the fourth and fifth characters are the two-letter code of the faculty in charge of the subject (EO – Faculty of Civil Engineering, GE – Faculty of Mechanical Engineering, EP – Faculty of Architecture, VE – Faculty of Chemical Technology and Biotechnology, VI – Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Informatics, KO – Faculty of Transportation Engineering and Vehicle Engineering, TE – Faculty of Natural Sciences, GT – Faculty of Economic and Social Sciences), the sixth and seventh characters identify the educational organisational unit assigned by the faculty in charge of the programme (training), the eighth character identifies the level of training (A to L, not including D – bachelor programme, M, N, P and Q – master and single-cycle programme, T or S – postgraduate specialist training programme, D – doctoral training, U – advanced level subject in a bachelor programme, V – advanced level subject in a master programme, X – remedial subject in a bachelor programme, Y – remedial subject in a master programme, R, W and Z – reserved for other purposes), if not regulated by the faculty, the ninth, tenth and eleventh characters are given by the subject coordinator.
[Autonomous curricular units] Based on their role in the curriculum and their professional-logical relations, subjects may be organised into autonomous curricular units.
Autonomous curricular units determine a set of academic, professional requirements.
The same curricular unit may be included in the curriculum of multiple academic programmes and curricular units that are independent from any programme may also be created.
Autonomous curricular units may be designed to allow access to studies, which do not result in separate qualifications, but provide special knowledge, to allow teaching of subjects at an advanced level and with the aim to promote talent management, to allow teaching of subjects with the aim of closing the achievement gaps and align student competencies in order to reduce drop-out rates due to academic reasons, to allow the achievement of additional results defined in the training programme.
Autonomous curricular units may be designated as  specialisation, pursuant to point 31, subsection 108 of the Higher Education Act,  major, pursuant to point 33, subsection 108 of the Higher Education Act, minor,  educational area,  module,  competence group,  discipline, or other structural unit defined in the curriculum.
The description of autonomous curricular units includes the designation of the specific curricular unit, the name and contact details of the instructor in charge, its total credit value, its training objectives, its structural components, the concise description of its content and the detailed criteria of the registration for and the completion of the curricular unit, pursuant to the provisions in Title 24 of this Code.
In addition to the ones listed above, autonomous curricular units may have other properties defined in the curriculum.
Autonomous curricular units: their teaching and organisation is the responsibility of the faculty in charge of the programme or one of its educational organisational units (faculty, institution), coordination tasks related to their teaching and organisation are performed by the instructor appointed by the dean (e.g.
specialisation coordinator).
The data of autonomous curricular units are recorded and updated in the SAS by the faculty responsible for its teaching.
Autonomous curricular units defined in points a) and b) of subsection (4) may only be announced following their registration by the Hungarian Education Authority.
[Criterion requirement] Criterion requirements are mandatory requirements without a credit in the curriculum.
Criterion requirements can include attending PE classes, language classes, sitting for comprehensive exam(s), completion of mandatory knowledge assessment, participation in health and safety and accident prevention training, or a prerequisite subject to be completed by a student of a master programme – based on a statutory requirement.
Unless otherwise provided by training and outcome requirements, internship is a criterion requirement.
Criterion requirements are subject to regulations outlined for the given subject in Section 17. to Section 19., as appropriate.
Training programme, curriculum and recommended curriculum [Training programme] The training programme is the University’s complex training document that includes the detailed training and study requirements of bachelor, master and single-cycle training programmes and postgraduate specialist training programme, the doctoral training plan, together with the detailed rules of training including but not limited to the curriculum, study programme, as well as the methods, procedures and rules of evaluation and assessment.
The training programme of the academic programme is prepared by the training committee and approved by the Senate following a review by the council of the faculty in charge of the academic programme.
[Curriculum] As part of training and outcome requirements, the curriculum is a programme’s set of requirements accepted by the Senate specifying the fundamental professional requirements of completing the programme including but not limited to the level of qualifications, its classification based on the Hungarian Qualifications Framework and the European Qualifications Framework; the name of the qualifications and the associated title; the training goal; the learning outcomes in the detail and in the way as specified in the training and outcome requirements; the subjects and their description, the requirements and the types of quality evaluation; the description of methods used for evaluating students; the list of autonomous curricular units; the conditions of entering for a final exam and the issuance of a degree certificate, the method and subjects of the final examination; other provisions relevant for the specific programme.
In the curriculum of an academic programme,  the average number of classes in daytime full-time training programmes – not including language, physical education and remedial subjects – may not be lower than sixteen and higher than twenty-six per week, and the credit value of each term – not including training programmes under subsection (2) of Section 11.
– may not vary from thirty credits by more than three credits.
A new or modified curriculum, academic and exam requirements may only be introduced through a gradual roll-out process.
Students who started their studies before the introduction of a new or modified curriculum may choose at their discretion to continue their studies based on the former, or the new or modified curriculum.
The curriculum can be based on or be substituted by the combination of a training programme and the recommended curriculum.
[Recommended curriculum] The recommended curriculum is the University’s proposed form of curriculum.
The recommended curriculum is a course schedule including a breakdown of subjects by term and the sequence and scheduling of subjects as recommended by the University.
The recommended curriculum is approved by the Faculty Council of the faculty in charge of the academic programme.
Scheduling their studies according to the recommended curriculum, students can complete their studies based on an even workload within the length of training specified in the training and outcome requirements and meeting the preliminary study requirements for all subjects.
In addition to the requirements set out in subsection (1) of Section 23. about the curriculum, the recommended curriculum includes all mandatory, elective and recommended optional subjects (if any) in a breakdown by term; the credit value of subjects; the weekly (term-based) number of lessons for the individual subjects in a breakdown by type of course;  the autonomous curricular units; the process of announcing elective and recommended optional subjects and autonomous curricular units; the prerequisite subjects of master programmes; the preliminary course schedule; the checkpoints (milestones) to be fulfilled in order to ensure progress within the curriculum; the criterion requirements and the deadline for meeting them and detailed rules for selecting specialisations and other autonomous curricular units unless this is regulated in a separate faculty regulations.
In the recommended curriculum, the completion of a subject concluded with an exam cannot be the precondition of a comprehensive exam scheduled for the same term.
The recommended curriculum is published on the website of the faculty responsible for the programme.
The recommended curriculum should be published so that any student can develop a clear understanding of the recommended curriculum regulations applicable to them.
Students of bachelor, master and single-cycle training programmes should be given a choice of optional subjects with a credit value at least twenty percent higher than the total number of credits required in the recommended curriculum of the given programme.
Students should create an individual course schedule based on the recommended curriculum according to their capabilities and opportunities and pursue their studies accordingly.
[Register of recommended curriculum] The recommended curricula and autonomous curricular units are recorded and updated in the SAS by the faculty responsible for the academic (training) programme.
Recommended curricula and autonomous curricular units must have a validity start and end date added to them in the SAS.
In case the recommended curriculum and the autonomous curricular unit is modified, a new recommended curriculum and/or autonomous curricular unit must be created in the SAS.
The recommended curriculum and the autonomous curricular unit must be linked to the student’s training programme – with the exception of the special course schedule – in the SAS.
The only recommended curriculum and the autonomous curricular unit allowed to be linked to the student’s training programme are the ones the student must complete to receive a diploma, that meet the criteria of an autonomous curricular unit and the recommended curriculum is valid during the student’s studies in a specific training programme.
Credit accumulation  [Credit] The University has a credit accumulation system that measures the credits for the fulfilment of all study requirements demanding a specific number of study hours and set as a precondition for obtaining a diploma for a qualification or degree (other than the criterion requirements), regardless the level of training and the study mode.
One credit is equivalent to thirty study hours by a student on average.
To complete a term, a student has to earn thirty credits on average.
The University enables students to proceed based on the recommended curriculum and provides a timetable and a plan for the evaluation of learning outcomes to ensure that the dates of the mandatory and elective subjects of the same term do not coincide or overlap in the timetable and in the evaluation of learning outcomes – not including the exceptions defined in Title 31 of this Code.
Credits of integer value must be allocated to subjects.
The allocation of lessons and credit values to the subjects is part of the curriculum.
Based on the way it is obtained, a credit can be earned or recognized.
In a programme a credit is earned if it is obtained by the student through completing the study requirements in the curriculum of the given academic (training) programme.
A credit is recognized if it is assigned to a study performance recognized based on the process outlined in Title 36 hereunder.
[Optional subject] Optional subjects are subjects not specified by the curriculum.
The University may not limit students’ choice of optional subjects from those announced by institution of higher educations – apart from capacity limits and preliminary study requirements.
Equal to at least 5 per cent of the total number of credits required to obtain a diploma, the curriculum allows for the registration of optional subjects or, if it is allowed by the curriculum of the academic programme, or for engagement in voluntary activities in exchange for the completion of the subjects.
If a student earns more credits with their elective subjects than mandatory for elective subjects under the curriculum, the excess credits should be included in the number of credits for optional subjects without any further consideration.
[Special rules on recommended curriculum] Not including the exams of optional subjects, the recommended curriculum of an academic programme must not require more than four exams and complex exams to be completed in an examination period.
In case of bachelor programmes longer than six terms, the subjects required in the recommended curriculum for the last term must not include a subject concluded with an exam.
Options to achieve a milestone include the completion of the compulsory subjects defined for a milestone and the completion of the optional subjects defined for a milestone collecting the number of credits specified in the curriculum or the fulfilment of certain criterion requirements or the collection of the required number of credits.
Part-time and distance learning training programmes are not subject to the requirement under subsection (1).
Learning outcomes  [Learning outcomes] Learning outcomes are the sum of statements related to the knowledge, skills and competences acquired by the student expressing what the student knows, understands and is able to perform – independently or with assistance – at the end of a study process.
In compliance with the Hungarian Qualification Framework, it specifies the outcomes to be achieved at the end of the learning process, by the following competences: knowledge, skills, attitude, and autonomy and responsibility.
[Definition of learning outcomes] Learning outcomes must be defined to ensure that they describe the assessable and measurable competences of a subject, autonomous curricular unit or criterion requirement.
Learning outcomes determine the results of the learning process, not the learning pathway.
The completion of a subject, autonomous curricular unit means the complete achievement of the learning outcomes by a student.
Subject description and subject requirements [Subject description] A subject description document needs to be prepared for subjects announced by the University and it has to be made available in the SAS, via the SAS or on the faculty’s website.
Subject descriptions must be provided in Hungarian and English as well the language of the training programme.
For subjects specified in Section 17 (3) a) and b) the subject description has to be approved by the Faculty Council of the faculty responsible for teaching the given subjects, while for subjects specified Section 17 (3) c) , it should be approved by the body or person authorized for this by the Faculty Council.
With regard to the subject, the subject description includes its designation; its code as defined in Section 19; the language(s) of its announcement; its nature as defined in subsection (2)of Section 17; its role in the curriculum as defined in subsection (3) of Section 17 for each academic programme where the subject may be announced; its course types and their number of lessons per week or term; its credit value awarded if completed; the type of its evaluation as defined in Section 18; the name, contact details, organisational unit of the subject coordinator; the name of the organisational unit responsible for teaching the subject; its role and purpose in the training programme, its connection to the training and outcome requirements of the academic programme(s); the criteria for its registration as defined in Section 37 [preliminary course schedule] its learning outcomes in harmony with the training and outcome requirements of the academic programme(s); the methods of the evaluation of its learning outcomes as defined in Title 32; and the electronic learning support materials in hard copy or electronic format, recommended to help achieve its learning outcomes and their availability.
[Special enrolment requirement] In addition to the requirements set out in the curriculum, the organisational unit in charge of the subject can specify special enrolment requirements with the FSC’s preliminary consent.
Such special enrolment requirements can be studying in a given programme or its exclusion, studying in a given autonomous curricular unit (specialisation, major) or its exclusion.
The organisational unit in charge of the subject specifies an exclusive enrolment requirement, if the completion of the given subject would provide credit to the student for knowledge already acquired.
Special enrolment requirements and preliminary study requirements have to be recorded in the SAS by the faculty responsible for teaching the given subject.
[Subject requirements] A subject requirements document needs to be prepared for subjects announced by the University and it has to be made available in the SAS, through the studies information system or on the faculty’s website.
Subject requirements have to be prepared in the language of training.
Subject requirements should include the following:   attendance and engagement requirements for contact lessons and the opportunity for delayed completion in case of absence, the way and regularity of checking attendance, if it is different from the regulation hereunder; the number and type of the evaluation of learning outcomes, the method of their completion (in person, at a place and time indicated in advance, in writing or orally, via an electronic system) the opportunity for repeat, retake and delayed completion; and information about evaluating the completion of subjects, including the way to obtain a signature or determine a grade.
Subjects requirements are approved by the dean based on the subject coordinator’s recommendation.
The dean may transfer the right of approval on their representative.
The Faculty Students’ Union has the right to review and provide a feedback on the subject requirements.
The subject coordinator publishes the subject requirements in the SAS by publishing the subject data sheet (or the link where it is available) by the end of the last week of the previous study period the latest.
The subject coordinator or the instructor of the given subject course should introduce the subject and course requirements during the first week of studies.
Section 33/A [Central subject data sheet system] Pursuant to subsection (6a) of Section 49 of the Higher Education Act, the University shall operate an IT system for the registration and publication of subject data sheets and course descriptions (hereinafter SDS system).
The subject data sheets (as per Section 31, the subject requirements (as per Section 33) and the course descriptions (as per Section 35(3)) are recorded by the University in the SDS system.
The validity (effective first and last day) of data specified in subsection (2) shall be included.
Data added to the SDS system shall be made available in the SAS also.
SDS is a supplementary system of the SAS.
Course [Course] The course or exam course is the form of a subject the way it appears in each term or academic year enabling students to fulfil the subject requirements.
For subjects specified in Section 17 (2) a) , a course is a contact lesson with contact hours included in the timetable where the study process is completed through personal interaction between the student and the instructor (lecturer, practice leader, etc.)
at regular intervals or through a longer period of time once or several times in a study period.
Subjects specified in Section 17 (2) b) or c) have no time and contact hours assigned to them in the timetable.
Courses with contact hours can have the following types: lecture, practice or laboratory, drawing room or field practice (hereinafter referred to as ‘laboratory practice’).
Courses can be of the following nature: autonomous course – a course that inherits only its goal from the subject for whose fulfilment it was announced but its content can be freely adjusted to the subject’s learning outcomes; or derived course – an exclusively practice- or laboratory practice-type course with the goal to reach the learning outcomes of the subject for which it was announced (this course does not have learning outcomes of its own); in terms of content, it is subordinated to the lecture-type course of the subject.
Depending on its type, nature and content, a course can have timetable data, organisational unit, instructor, opportunities for the evaluation of learning outcomes, and qualification procedures assigned to it.
Students have to be provided with an opportunity to consult about the course.
An exam course is a course without contact hours not included in the timetable.
An exam course can be one of the following: an act of study required to pass a comprehensive exam; an exam opportunity where a student can complete a subject with contact hours and concluded with an exam if they have a “Signed” entry for the given subject from an earlier term but have not yet completed the given subject even if no course(s) with contact hours were announced for it in the current term; an opportunity to complete a subject for a student who enrolled in the given subject with a laboratory practice-type course concluded with a mid-term grade in one of the two previous term and met all requirements other than the summative evaluation of learning outcomes even if no course(s) with contact hours were announced for it in the current term.
Courses specified in subsection (8) a) and b) have to be announced in every term, while courses specified in c) have to be announced as regulated by the faculty regulations.
[Course description] A subject can have several courses of the same type announced for it.
The subject coordinator must ensure that derived courses of the same type are taught with the same content and – where possible – with the same methodology and that academic evaluations are based on the same principles, criteria and methods.
Course descriptions must be provided for autonomous courses, published on the subject data sheet or in the SAS.
Course descriptions must include the course’s form (course having contact lessons or exam course), professional objective, learning outcomes (if any), detailed programme (if not an exam course), registration criteria, evaluation methods, the options for repeat, retake and delayed completion, the electronic learning support materials in hard copy or electronic format, recommended to help achieve its learning outcomes and their availability, approved key technical and other devices and resources used for completion, the name, contact details, organisational unit of its instructor.
[Requirements for course registering] The organisational unit in charge of the subject can set requirements for enrolling in a course.
Requirements for registering a course can be as follows: studying in a given programme or its exclusion, studying in a given autonomous curricular unit, specialisation or its exclusion.
concurrent registration of a different type of course for the same subject, concurrent registration of a specific subject.
The course registration requirement under point d) in subsection (2) will not be introduced unless approved in advance by the Faculty Students’ Union.
If a student is eligible for registering a subject, they need to be given an opportunity to register the course(s) required for completing the given subject.
Preliminary course schedule  [Prerequisite of course registering] The conditions of progress in the studies of a particular programme are deter-mined by the prerequisites laid down in the recommended curriculum.
A pre-requisite of registering or completing a subject may be the completion of another curricular unit in advance or in parallel.
The same subject may have more than one prerequisite.
The subject prerequisites are determined by expected learning outcomes and by clearly defining the subject ensuring the expected learning outcome.
The following may be set as a prerequisite for a subject: the completion of a subject or criterion requirement in advance [strong prerequisite], obtaining a signature for a subject culminating in an examination [weak prerequisite] or simultaneously taking another subject [co-requisite] .
The prerequisites defined in subsection (3) may also be applied in combination with the following restrictions: a total of at most three other subjects or criterion requirements may be set as direct prerequisites for a subject.
the total credit value of the subjects determined as direct prerequisites may not be higher than 15 credits and the uninterrupted string of prerequisites comprising direct, and indirect prerequisites may not exceed three, four and five terms respectively, for a bachelor programme of maximum seven terms, more than seven terms and for a single-cycle programme.
As a prerequisite for master thesis writing-type subjects defined under Title 39, a milestone may also be given irrespective of the requirements given in subsection (3)and (4)  [Verification of prerequisite] The prerequisites for a subject must also be completed by a student who wishes to register for a particular subject as the student of another programme.
The Credit Transfer Committee may acknowledge that a subject set as a prerequisite is satisfied provided that the student has the learning outcomes expected in advance.
The Dean's Office inspects the milestone type prerequisites which are published in the programme's educational programme and cannot be set in the SAS and deletes any subject or course registration which does not comply with the requirements by the end of the sixth week of the study period while simultaneously informing the student concerned.
In the event that a subject with a prerequisite in the recommended curriculum which is incorrectly set in the SAS is completed, this will remain valid even if the prerequisite is not satisfied.
Talent management  [Course schedule for exceptional students] The University helps to nourish the development of students with exceptional skills and abilities by offering an organised framework, including scientific students’ associations and colleges for advances studies.
As part of our quality education, the University supports outstanding students to make the most of their talent and meet the extra requirements, aimed at developing their skills even further.
This organised support includes the option of course schedules for exceptional students, where tuition is overseen by an academic staff member as supervisor or the option of studying subjects at an advanced level.
The aim of the course schedule for exceptional students is to allow outstanding students to meet the training and outcome requirements according to their needs and abilities.
To this end, a course schedule for exceptional students may be developed in cooperation with the student and the talent management supervisor chosen by the student or appointed by the dean, the professional content of which shall be the responsibility of the talent management supervisor.
The talent management supervisor can be a public servant, employed by the University as a lecturer or researcher full or part time, or a professor emeritus.
Course schedules for exceptional students may be awarded through an application process.
Applications will be assessed and course schedules for exceptional students will be awarded by the FSC by also taking into account the opinion of the body appointed by the dean.
At the request of the student the faculty responsible for the programme shall issue a certificate of the completion of the course schedule for exceptional students, to be attached to the diploma or  a certificate is issued by the faculty responsible for the programme as an annex to the diploma, or include such information in a diploma supplement by also specifying the advanced level course units and the results of their completion.
[Application for course schedule for exceptional students] The application for the course schedule for exceptional students is issued by the dean by no later than twenty days before the start of the given term.
The content and formal requirements of the application, as well as the evaluation criteria shall be included in the call for the application.
Applications for a course schedule for exceptional students may be submitted by students in bachelor training programmes or single-cycle programmes, who have already completed two active terms, collected minimum 25 credits on average per term in the subjects of the recommended curriculum and their cumulative grade point average is at least 4.00, students in bachelor training programmes or single-cycle programmes, who had outstanding achievements in a specialty or area of science during their secondary education and participated in a talent management programme prior to being admitted to university (e.g.
National Talent Programme) or students in master training programmes, if their cumulative grade point average in the bachelor training programme or the single-cycle programme was at least 4.00 or the grade of their diploma was classified as good or better.
The faculty in charge of the academic programme (training) may specify criteria which are stricter than those in subsection (2).
[Required content of applications for a course schedule for exceptional students] Applicants for a course schedule for exceptional students shall have outstanding academic results, present proof of professional activities over the minimally required level, as well as a detailed motivational letter.
The application shall include  the applicant’s resume, the indicators of the applicant’s academic achievements (credits earned, grade point average, cumulative grade point average, credit index, corrected credit index), a detailed description of the applicant’s outstanding professional activities, performed during their studies so far (extra studies, activities in scientific students' associations, professional, scientific and public activities, part-time studies abroad, etc.
), lecturer’s recommendation, statement of support, issued by the University’s Talent Support Council for applications as per point b) of subsection (2) of Section 40, the applicant’s motivational letter.
In the application for a course schedule for exceptional students, the student, in conjunction with their talent management supervisor, shall describe the plan for the alternative course schedule (different from the recommended curriculum) designed to achieve the learning outcomes specified in the training and outcome requirements.
The talent management supervisor shall undertake to continuously monitor, supervise and manage the student’s studies.
Students with a course schedule for exceptional students shall undertake to cooperate with their talent management supervisor, follow their study plan and aim to perform academically to the best of their abilities.
[Study plan of course schedule for exceptional students] The course schedule for exceptional students and the study plan, describing the former, may not exempt the students from meeting the criteria requirements specified in the curriculum, finishing their bachelor or master thesis and passing their final examination, may involve mandatory and elective subjects, may allow the replacement thereof by a substitute subject or the option of a customised fulfilment of the learning outcomes, specified in the study requirements of a subject, may allow the option of a customised fulfilment of subject prerequisites.
The course schedule for exceptional students may be awarded for the entire duration of studies left, before the completion of the programme, within a single application.
The dean or the body appointed by the dean may propose modifications to the application for a course schedule for exceptional students, which may be accepted or rejected by the applicant.
If such modifications are rejected by the student, the application may be turned down by the dean.
Based on the course schedule for exceptional students and the study plan, describing the former, the faculty in charge of the student’s academic programme shall prepare a customised recommended curriculum and shall assign this to the student within the Study Administration System (SAS).
[Obligations of students with a course schedule for exceptional students] Students with a course schedule for exceptional students shall write a report each term on their progress compared with the study plan, which shall be submitted to the dean by 2 p.m. on the first working day following the last day of the exam period at the latest.
The opinion of the talent management supervisor shall be attached to the report.
The progress report shall be evaluated by the body appointed by the dean.
Each deviation from the approved study plan shall be justified.
Decisions or conclusions on the course schedule for exceptional students and the progress, including the cancellation as per subsection (4), shall be registered in the SAS.
In case of failure to submit the report, declining academic results or a significant deviation from the study plan, the dean may revoke the course schedule for exceptional students.
In such cases students shall continue their studies according to the recommended curriculum of the academic programme.
The dean may take individual temporary measures to help the student return to the recommended curriculum.
Students, whose course schedule for exceptional students has been revoked by the dean as per subsection (4), may apply for another such course schedule in the same academic programme within two years in case of bachelor and single-cycle programmes, and within one term in case of master programmes at the earliest.
[Advanced level subject] Students excelling in an area (areas) may complete some of their subjects at an advanced level.
In addition to all the learning outcomes prescribed in the recommended curriculum, advanced level subjects include additional outcomes, aimed to help students make the most of their talent.
These are taught at a level higher that the standard level of the programme.
By completing an advanced level subject, the student competes the curricular requirement.
Advanced level subjects shall be developed by the competent Faculty Council.
The faculty in charge of the academic programme (training) issues a certificate on the subjects completed at an advanced level (diploma supplement), attached to the diploma.
[Rules of competence related to course schedule for exceptional students] In accordance with the stipulations of Section 42and Section 43., the decision-making powers of the dean may be transferred to a faculty body by the faculty’s code.
The ratio of students in a faculty body, set up or authorised pursuant to subsection (1), shall be minimum 25 per cent.
Successful participation in the talent management programme shall be recorded in the SAS, in the student register and the diploma supplement.
Remedial education  [Remedial subject] The University to help disadvantaged and highly disadvantaged students to fit in and support them in their studies, and to support students with special needs in their studies as stipulated by law.
The faculty overseeing the bachelor training programme or the single-cycle programme (training), in cooperation with the faculty in charge of the given subject, shall or may announce remedial subjects to support students with special needs in their studies, to reduce drop-out for academic reasons or to ease the learning difficulties of individual students.
The aim of the remedial subject is  to make up for certain shortcomings in secondary education, to teach students with special needs by applying a methodology that is adjusted to their needs or to help students return to their studies after a longer break (e.g.
due to illness).
The remedial subject may be  a criterion requirement without credit value, but with a grade, or an optional subject with credit value and a grade, pursuant to point a)of subsection (3) of Section 46, an optional subject with credit value and a grade, pursuant to point b)and c)of subsection (3) of Section 46.
[Assessment of students’s knowledge prior starting studies] Prior to starting studies in bachelor and single-cycle programmes, the University may prescribe the compulsory assessment of the students’ knowledge in certain areas (including, but not limited to maths, physics and chemistry).
The aim of such assessment is to evaluate the present knowledge of the admitted students in areas which are important in the given academic programme, as well as to identity the shortcomings which later may lead to drop-out from the given programme.
The assessment is competence-based, simultaneously assessing and measuring knowledge- and skill-type competency elements.
It is organised by the faculty responsible for teaching the given field of knowledge.
The assessment of the students’ knowledge may be organised also at the request of the faculty in charge of the academic programme (training).
Participants shall be informed by the organiser about the compulsory assessment, its features, as well as the consequences of failure to participate, its successful or unsuccessful completion, at least 15 days prior to such assessment.
Assessments may be held twice per term: first during the registration period or in the first week of the study period, and for the second time in the last two weeks of the study period.
In exceptional cases the second assessment may be held in the repeat period or the exam period.
Compulsory assessments, evaluated with grades, but not assigned any credit value may be incorporated into the criteria requirement of the academic programme.
[Remedial course] Students, failing to reach the minimum required level in the assessment or failing to participate in an assessment prescribed in Section 47. may be ordered by the faculty in charge of the academic programme (training) to take on and complete a remedial subject.
The completion of the remedial subject pursuant to subsection (1) or the successful completion of the assessment pursuant to Section 47. may be prescribed as a subject prerequisite for another subject with the prior consent of the faculty in charge of the given academic programme (training).
A remedial course shall be launched in the next term in a compulsory subject, if the ratio of students successfully completing this subject or an independent course organised in the subject in the term according to the recommended curriculum is less than  sixty per cent in bachelor and single-cycle programmes, seventy percent in the master training programmes.
The organisational unit in charge of the subject may also decide to launch a remedial course.
[Special rules for remedial subjects] Registered remedial subjects may not be included in the range of elective subjects, prescribed by Section 49 (2a) of the Higher Education Act.
Remedial subjects are identified by the subject code, while remedial courses must have an additional “FELZ” mark added in the course code field in the SAS.
[Mentoring programme] The University provides a mentoring programme to help disadvantaged and highly disadvantaged students to make the most of their talent and to assist with their studies.
Assistance is provided by the University’s lecturer, researcher, Master’s or PhD student (hereinafter: mentor) within the mentoring programme.
Activities conducted within the framework of the mentoring programme are coordinated by the organisation appointed by the minister.
An agreement is signed by the mentoring organisation and the student participating in the mentoring programme, which includes: the description of the assistance provided within the mentoring programme, its frequency and the rules of using such assistance, the fees of extra services provided at the student’s own request and the terms and legal consequences of the termination of the agreement.
Students participating in the mentoring programme shall notify the mentoring organisation about all changes in their personal data within 15 days following the occurrence of such changes.
The legal framework of higher education studies Student’s legal status, rights and obligations  [Forms of the legal relationship] Studies may be pursued at the University under two legal relationships:  as a student (including PhD or DLA student),   as a guest student.
The student’s legal status may be established in the term in which the applicant is admitted to the University under the admission process specified by the Higher Education Act or the Government Decree, or in which the Study Committee of the Faculty accepts the student's transfer request.
Guest student’s legal status may be established in the term in which the request of the student who has a student’s legal status at another institution of higher education is accepted by the FSC.
[Student rights and obligations] Is a legal relationship established between the University and a student pursuing studies in one of its programmes, based on which both the University and the student are mutually granted rights and are bound by obligations in accordance with the provisions of the law and University regulations.
With a student status, the student is entitled to pursue studies in a particular programme in accordance with the law and University regulations, in particular this Code of Studies, and the particular programme's curriculum.
With a student legal status, the student is obliged to organise studies in accordance with the law, University regulations, in particular this Code of Studies, and the curriculum of the particular programme, and to fulfil study obligations to the best of the student's ability.
For the duration of the student legal status, the student is obliged to use the SAS, and to monitor and observe University information and announcements published in the SAS in general or addressed specifically to the given student with the following regularity: continuously in an active term; at least every three days in the registration period, term time and exam period; outside these periods at least every ten days, and every eight days in a passive term.
Students will bear the consequences of ignoring such information and this may not provide the grounds for any objection or legal redress.
With regard to students with a student legal status at the University, the University is entitled to process their personal data and data related to their studies in accordance with the law and University regulations, and to inspect and assess their study activity and, while doing so, in justified cases and in compliance with the law, the University may require students to have a medical examination to establish their fitness required for a particular type of training.
With regard to students with a student legal status at the University, the University is obliged to provide the personal and material conditions to complete the programme, and to provide students with all the information necessary to pursue their studies pursuant to the law and University regulations, in particular this Code of Studies, and the curriculum of the particular programme.
If a student obtains knowledge of information classified as confidential whose disclosure would infringe the personal rights of others (in particular but not exclusively information that may infringe the human dignity of or abuse the trust of people who are ill or disabled, or information that is classified as confidential for another reason), such information must be kept secret.
If the obligation of confidentiality is infringed, the student concerned will bear the legal consequences of this.
Students with overdue payment obligations to the University (payment arrears) may not enrol, register for an active term, take a course, register for an examination (complex exam).
At the request of the student, the University shall make the documents issued by it available to the student in an electronically authenticated form via the SAS.
Admission and transfer  [The legal framework of admission] Within the framework of the law, the conditions of admission are determined by the electronic publication 'Information on Higher Education Admission' and the University's Regulations of Admission.
The University is obliged to ensure that applicants who have been granted admission may enrol and thus establish a student’s legal status.
If an applicant who has been granted admission already has at the University, the rules for establishing such a legal relationship will be applied accordingly to the tasks related to registration for the particular programme.
The decision of admission entitles a student’s legal status to be established in the first term after admission.
[Conditions of transfer] Persons with a student’s legal status at another institution of higher education or on another programme or training course at the University may request their transfer to a different programme within the same field of study at the University in accordance with the provisions of Government Decree 87/2015.
The transfer request is to be submitted  by an applicant without a student’s legal status at the University through the IT system operated by the Central Academic Office,  by a student of the University in the SAS  addressed to the FSC offering the programme (training).
Only students whose student’s legal status has been continuous during the transfer procedure or until enrolment following the transfer decision or until registration may request a transfer.
In other cases the University will withdraw its decision on transfer.
The applicant may only be transferred to a bachelor training programme and single-cycle training programme – subject to the training capacity and the number of places available – after at least one completed active term provided the applicant has at least an average of eighteen completed credits for each active term, has a cumulative grade point average of a value of at least 2.75, and has satisfied the conditions laid down in the training and outcome requirements and in the Information on Higher Education Admission for the programme the transfer concerns.
The applicant may only be transferred to a master training programme – subject to the training capacity and the number of places available – after at least one completed active term provided the applicant has at least an average of eighteen completed credits for each active term, has a cumulative grade point average of a value of at least 3.00, and has satisfied the conditions laid down in the training and outcome requirements and in the Information on Higher Education Admission for the programme the transfer concerns.
As regards the provisions of subsection (4) points a)and b), and subsection (5) points a) and b), the faculty may set different requirements for each programme it offers, which it is obliged to publish on the faculty's home page at least six months prior to the earliest possible time for the transfer decision.
In case of interinstitutional transfer, it is a necessary and indispensable condition of the transfer that the student submitting the transfer request has, unless otherwise provided by law, at least thirty credits obtained in his / her training at the previous institution.
[Transfer procedure] Students submitting a transfer request must attach the following documents to their request some of which are issued by the transferring institution of higher education: confirmation of existing student’s legal status, student register extract, proof of credit recognition for previously completed study units, application for a credit recognition procedure, copy of the documents applicants in the admission process need to submit (school-leaving certificate, degree certificate, language exam certificate, verification of suitability) and the classification decision and the admission decision.
In a transfer procedure within the University, the applicant only needs to submit the document listed in point d) of subsection (1).
The FSC acts in assessing transfer requests at first instance and the Credit Transfer Committee is responsible for conducting the credit recognition procedure based on an application submitted as an attachment to the transfer request.
In case of transfers, the student’s legal status at the previous academic programme is terminated, one day prior to the enrolment to the new programme (training) related to the transfer.
The resolution on the transfer must determine the financing form of the training.
The period open for transfer, change of programme, change of training location, language of instruction or study mode is from the end of the previous study period until 15 September for the autumn term and until 15 February for the spring term.
A transfer request must be submitted by 15 July at the latest for the autumn term and by 30 January at the latest for the spring term.
Section 55/A [ Different provisions for foreign students] The provisions of this Code shall apply, with the exceptions set out in this Section, to applicants and students who have established their student status in the admission procedure specified in subsection (1) of Article 41 of Government Decree 423/2012 (XII.
29.)
on the admission procedure for higher education.
If, following the admission decision, the student status is not established in accordance with subsection (3) of Section 53, a student status may be established on the basis of the admission decision without a new admission procedure in the next admission period (deferment of enrolment), while the rules applicable to doctoral education are set out in subsection (4).
For students who do not meet the criteria for transfer specified in Section 54, the   student status may be established in the framework of an extra admission procedure.
For doctoral programmes, the enrolment process may be different from the provision of subsection (4) of Section 176 and the enrolment may be deferred by maximum one year at the reasonable request of the applicant.
Applications submitted in accordance with paragraph (4) shall be decided by the Doctoral Study Committee Establishment of a student’s legal status, enrolment and registration (1) [Enrolment] The student’s legal status is established based on a final admission decision or transfer decision when the declaration for enrolment is authenticated by the University.
Successful candidates must present their school-leaving certificate or diploma at the latest when enrolling at the higher education institution, if it is not available in the public register.
If the successful candidate holds a diploma or degree with the same legal effect under the law of the issuing country, they must present this diploma or degree at the time of enrolment.
(1a)	If, at the time of enrolment, the successful candidate presents a non-certified copy of a diploma or school-leaving certificate issued abroad, as defined in subsection (1), the successful candidate shall produce the original document within six months of enrolment.
,Any student may only have one legal relationship as a student on any programme (training) at the University at any one time.
If a student has more than one legal relationship, a declaration must be made by the end of the registration period as to which status is to be regarded as valid.
CAO will inform students of this obligation via the SAS, preferably by the first day of the registration period.
At enrolment, applicants admitted to a training programme financed through full (or partial) Hungarian state scholarship are required to accept the conditions of their training.
Applicants admitted to a fee-paying programme must enter into a student's training contract with the University upon enrolment.
If the applicant does not undertake the conditions of the fee-paying programme (i.e.
does not sign the contract), the student’s legal status may not be established.
No student’s legal status is established if applicants fail to accept the conditions of the training programme financed through full (or partial) Hungarian state scholarship or refuse to commence their studies in a fee-paying scheme.
Upon enrolment, admitted or transferred applicants must provide the University with their personal data specified by law, which are necessary for record keeping and for providing information by electronic means.
If the data provided are insufficient, the University will refuse to authenticate the declaration for enrolment.
Enrolment must take place by the end of the registration period unless the faculty responsible for the programme sets a different date due to the specific nature of the programme in question.
Thereafter, late enrolment, which is subject to the payment of the fee specified in the relevant regulation, is possible by the following deadlines:  a student who enrols late during the second week of instruction may enrol for that term also with active status,  starting from the third week of instruction until 14 October in the autumn term and until 14 March in the spring term late enrolment is only possible for the first term with passive status upon registration.
After 14 October in the autumn term and 14 March in the spring term enrolment is not possible.
Students state whether they wish to pursue studies in the particular term in the SAS during or prior to the registration period.
[Registration] Students state before every academic term whether they are starting or continuing their studies [registration for active term], or suspending their studies [registration for passive term] (together 'registration') in that term.
A previous registration may be withdrawn until 14 October in the autumn term and until 14 March in the spring term.
Thereafter, registration or withdrawing registration for that term is not possible.
Student legal status may be suspended after entering into the legal relationship (enrolment), even in the first term.
If registration for an active term is withdrawn, that term will be classified as a passive term.
If a student fails to comply with the obligation to register described in subsection (1), will be registered as a passive term and the student's legal status will be suspended for that term.
(3a) A student may not register for an active term if at the time of enrolment they presented a certificate of qualification with a limited period of validity [subsection (1) of Section 56], which has already expired.
Enrolment for the active term is possible if the student presents such certificate of qualification by the deadline specified in subsection (1).
A student may request the retrospective activation of a passive term by applying in the SAS by the end of the second week of instruction provided that the student satisfies all the conditions of registering for the active term.
The retrospective activation of a term may be made subject to a fee by regulation.
Students are obliged to report any changes to their recorded personal data during the entire academic period.
If there is a change in a student's personal data that has to be verified by presenting a document in proof, this can be done in person through the data controller while simultaneously presenting the original document.
Students are obliged to report any change in their notification address (including the electronic e-mail address), their tax identification number or social security (TAJ) number immediately, in other words within eight days of the change taking place, also during the term.
Students are liable for all consequences arising from failure to report such changes in data.
In the extraordinary cases listed in subsection (2) of Section 45 of the Higher Education Act such as giving birth, having an accident or illness, or other unforeseen involuntary reasons, students may request in person or in the SAS or an authorised person that their registration be withdrawn by the end of the academic term at the latest by simultaneously presenting the original document or its version authenticated in the REAS or CEAS, in proof of the unforeseen reason.
In such cases the FSC decides whether or not to withdraw the registration [retrospective classification as a passive term].
With regard to the provisions of the regulations on fees and benefits, the decision of the FSC on withdrawing registration must make provisions for the method and extent of reimbursing the fee paid by the student as well as any grant or other benefits paid to the student.
,By the end of the third week of instruction the data controller summarises the list of names of registered students (having active and passive status) and informs students whose registration is classified as invalid in the SAS [ex officio classification as a passive term].
Students who fail to register for courses register for courses, have a pending course registration application and do not participate in SAS-registered mobility programmes by the second working day of the third week of instruction shall have their term status changed to invalid by the data controller.
The registration for active term will be invalid if based on information provided by the Higher Education Information System (hereinafter referred to as ‘HEIS’) prior to or at the beginning of the term (due to the expiry of the individual financing period or financing period defined for an academic programme), students transferred to a fee-paying programme fail to verify the continuation of their studies in a self-financing scheme – by signing a student’s study contract – until the end of the registration period.
[retrospective invalidation of registration] The data controller will require students to pay a fee determined in other regulations who fail to provide the data specified in point d), subpoints aa), ba) and bk), subsection 1, part I/B, title I of Annex 3 of the Higher Education Act to the University within eight days following the relevant notice, due to their own fault.
[Parent faculty] Parent faculty means the faculty which manages the academic programme (training) where a student first established an active student’s legal status at the University.
If a student already has a legal status established at the University for pursuing studies at the time of their admission or transfer, their parent faculty – with the exceptions hereunder – does not change.
The parent faculty will be primarily competent and responsible regarding particular academic matters, not directly study related matters and study guidance of students.
If a student’s legal status is terminated at the programme managed by their parent faculty but they are pursuing studies at a programme managed by another faculty of the University, their new parent faculty will be the one where their active student status at the programme managed by that faculty was established the earliest.
No modification of the parent faculty is allowed at the student’s request.
Suspension of the student’s legal status [Suspension of student’s legal status] Students may request that the University suspend their legal status by submitting a declaration to this end [notification].
If a student does not fulfil an existing payment obligation towards the University by 23:59 on the penultimate working day of the registration period or does not submit a request to postpone payment by the same deadline, the student's legal status will be suspended in the given academic period.
During the suspension of a student’s legal status, students do not fulfil their study obligations and are not obliged to pursue their studies.
During the period of suspension, the student is not entitled to free services and student's allowances with the exception of the use of the library and, in the entire period of the subject and course registration, the use of the computer room.
[Limitations of suspension of student’s legal status] The period of continuous suspension of a student’s legal status may not be longer than two terms.
In duly justified cases the FSC may permit the continuous suspension of a student’s legal status for a period longer that those specified in paragraphs (1) and (4) at the request of the student.
A student may use the option of suspending the student’s legal status more than once.
The total period of time of the suspension of the student status in a given programme may not exceed  four terms in programme forms divided into cycles and six terms in single-cycle programme forms.
If a student suspends studies for two terms, in the second term of the suspension the student's data controller draws the student's attention in writing in the last week of the exam period to the potential legal consequences of failing to register in the third term [by means of a personal message in the SAS].
[Special rules for suspension of student’s legal status] The student’s legal status is suspended in all the training programmes that the student is enrolled in if the student has been prohibited from continuing studies for a specific period of time as a disciplinary penalty.
Students must register for a passive term during the period of time specified in subsection (1) and, after its expiry and without any separate notification, are obliged to register in order to continue their studies.
The student’s legal status is suspended for the actual time of service performed by voluntary members of a military reserve force when students are granted exemption from the fulfilment of the obligations defined in this Code.
Students must submit the relevant official proof to the SCF prior to the start of their actual service.
[Legal effects related to the suspension of student’s legal status] Following the suspension of the student’s legal status, students may continue their studies in harmony with the changes occurring in the student’s training programme in the meantime, based on the training programme relevant to them at the time of their enrolment to the particular programme.
Deviation from this provision is allowed at the student’s request and the FSC may determine a personalised course schedule for the student, applying the provisions under Title 37 of this Code as appropriate.
The validity and recognisability of previously completed subjects [credits] is determined by the Credit Transfer Committee of the faculty (in accordance with the rules on credit equivalence) with regard to the opinion of the programme owner and the specialisation coordinator.
Termination of the student’s legal status [Termination of student’s legal status] The student’s legal status will terminate in a particular programme if the student  completes the required studies and obtains a leaving certificate (absolutorium) or a degree certificate [termination of legal relationship on the completion of studies], does not achieve satisfactory academic results [dismissal for academic reasons], so requests [dismissal at own request], is transferred to another institution of higher education or programme [dismissal by reason of transfer], fails to comply with the registration obligation [dismissal by reason of non-registration], exceeds the maximum number of passive terms permitted [dismissal by reason of exceeding number of passive terms], has an overdue payment obligation [dismissal by reason of payment arrears], no longer fulfils a condition required by law for establishing a student’s legal status [dismissal by reason of discontinuation of a condition required for establishing a legal relationship], commits a disciplinary offence [disciplinary dismissal] or die [termination of legal relationship by reason of death] The student's data controller notifies the student of the termination of the student’s legal status in the SAS with the exception of point j) of subsection (1).
[Dismissal for academic reasons] The student’s legal status is terminated by dismissal for academic reasons in the particular programme through the unilateral statement of the University, on the last day of the exam period of the term provided that the decision of first instance concerning termination became final if the student fails to satisfy an obligation laid down in this Code of Studies or the training programme related to academic progress: the student fails to obtain the leaving certificate (absolutorium) upon the expiry of twice the programme duration specified in the training and outcome requirements calculated from the start of the studies in the particular programme,    the student fails to obtain the credit points for the same subject in the same programme starting from the second term of the academic year 2015-2016 having taken the same subject six times, the student's cumulative grade point average on a bachelor training programme or in single-cycle training does not reach the value of 2.25 at the end of the fourth active term after enrolment, the student's cumulative grade point average on a master training programme does not reach the value of 2.50 at the end of the second active term after enrolment, the student did not obtain at least 20 credit points in the last three active terms in which the student did not take part in part-time studies abroad in a European Economic Area (hereinafter referred to as ‘EEA') member state where the studies pursued count towards the studies pursued in the University's programme or the student's legal status had been previously terminated but the student was readmitted into the particular programme through the admission process and is now pursuing studies and did not obtain at least 10 credit points in the first three active terms following enrolment in which the student did not take part in part-time studies abroad in an EEA member state where the studies pursued count towards the studies pursued in the University's programme.
In the case of students who have been readmitted through the admission process and are currently pursuing studies, the provisions of point g) of subsection (1), must be applied to the first three active terms following enrolment, and thereafter for the subsequent active terms the provisions of point f) of subsection (1), must be applied.
For the purposes of the present section of this Code, credits recognised (accredited) based on Section 128. and Section 129. will not be deemed as credits earned by a student.
[Dismissal by reason of non-registration]  The student’s legal status is terminated by dismissal by reason of non-registration in the particular programme through the unilateral statement of the University, on the last day of the term’s registration period provided that the decision of first instance concerning termination became final if the student fails on three consecutive occasions to report either the continuation or the suspension of the studies provided that the student has been called upon in a message sent in the SAS to fulfil this obligation by a given deadline and has been informed of the legal consequences of failure to do so.
If a student fails to register even after their legal status has been suspended – pursuant to Title 18 – for two terms, the University will unilaterally terminate the legal relationship due to failure to comply with the registration obligation.
[Dismissal at own request] The student’s legal status will terminate in a particular programme at the student’s request if the student gives notice in writing of the wish to terminate the student’s legal status from the day of giving notice.
is not allowed to continue their studies financed through a full (or partial) Hungarian state scholarship and does not wish to continue their studies in a self-financing scheme, on the day when the relevant written notice was given, is in a training programme financed through a full (or partial) Hungarian state scholarship and revokes their statement accepting the conditions of training programmes financed through a full (or partial) Hungarian state scholarship and does not wish to participate in a self-financing scheme, on the day when said statement was revoked or is not allowed to continue their studies in a state-funded training programme and does not wish to continue their studies in a fee-paying scheme, on the day when the relevant written notice was given.
If a declaration in accordance with Section 56 (2) is not made, the University will unilaterally terminate the legal relationship which was established first on the same programme from the day preceding the establishment of the new legal relationship, simultaneously informing the student of this in the SAS.A legal relationship thus terminated cannot be re-established.
[Termination of legal relationship on the completion of studies] The student’s legal status is terminated on the completion of their studies, on the last day of the term when they obtained their leaving certificate (absolutorium).
[Dismissal by reason of transfer] The student’s legal status is terminated in the particular programme if the student has been admitted to another programme, institution or training location, or has changed the language of instruction or the study mode, and has informed the University of this, or the accepting institution of higher education has informed the University of this, with effect from the day preceding the day of transfer.
If, due to the lack of notice by the student or incomplete information provided by the accepting institution of higher education, it may not be identified which academic programme managed by the University is affected by the transfer, the data controller calls upon the student to make a declaration and requests additional information from the accepting institution.
[Dismissal by reason of exceeding number of passive terms]  The student’s legal status is terminated in the particular programme in which  the student has taken advantage of the maximum number of passive terms in accordance with subsection (4)of Section 60. and the student's current term would be classified as a passive term again based on this Code; or the continuous suspension of the student’s legal status would exceed the period defined in subsection (1) of Section 45 of the Higher Education  of the Higher Education Act and the student's current term would be classified as a passive term again based on this Code.
The day of terminating the legal relationship is the last day of the registration period for the term.
[Dismissal by reason of payment arrears] The University will unilaterally terminate the student's legal status in a particular programme due to payment arrears if calling upon the student to settle them was without effect and the University, at the student's request, has examined the student's social situation.
The day of terminating the legal relationship is the day the decision on termination becomes final.
,The University calls upon the student in a message sent in the SAS within eight days of the expiry of the payment deadline, specifying a sixty-day period of grace, to settle the payment arrears, or to apply for an option to pay in instalments or to change the payment deadline due to the student's social situation – with the exception of the fees imposed pursuant to subsection (5) of Section 4 of Government Decree 51/2007, and at the same time draws attention to the legal consequences of failure to pay.
If the student is still in arrears with payment after the expiry of the period of grace given in the notice and the student has not submitted an application for payment in instalments or for changing the payment deadline within this period, the student's legal status will be terminated on the day following the expiry of the period of grace.
If the student has submitted an application for payment in instalments or for changing the payment deadline but the application is rejected, the legal status will be terminated on the day the decision rejecting the application becomes final but on the first day following the expiry of the period of grace at the earliest.
The student's social situation will be examined by the Social Committee within the University's Unified Social System.
[Dismissal by reason of discontinuation of a condition required for establishing a legal relationship] The University will unilaterally terminate the student's legal status in a particular programme if a condition specified by statute or by government decree for establishing a student's legal status no longer exists with effect from the day the decision on termination becomes final.
The University shall unilaterally terminate the student's legal status in a particular programme if the student fails to present the original copy of the school-leaving certificate or diploma required for the establishment of student status within the deadline provided for in Section 56 (1)The day of terminating the legal relationship is the day the decision thereof becomes final.
[Disciplinary dismissal]  A student's legal status is terminated in all programmes the student has enrolled in with effect from the day a decision on disciplinary dismissal from the institution becomes final.
[Termination of legal relationship by reason of death] A student's legal status is terminated in all the programmes the student has enrolled in upon the death of the student with effect from the day of the death.
Reclassification rules  [Reclassification] The University at the end of the academic year (July) by taking into consideration the academic results of the last two active terms [reclassification by academic result]; by taking into account the number of terms completed, for which the student received financial support provided by law [reclassification by financed period]; or at the student’s request [reclassification by request] shall reclassify or may reclassify the student’s financing status.
74/A.
[Reclassification by academic result]  Students studying on full or partial Hungarian state scholarships shall be reclassified to the self-financed status if they failed to obtain at least the number of credits specified in Annex 3 or failed to have a grade point average specified in Annex 3 in the last two active terms, during which they did not take part in part-time studies abroad, as specified in Section 81 (3) and (4) of the Higher Education Act, which would be recognised as part of their studies within their academic programme at the University.
When applying this section of this Code, credits recognised pursuant to Sections Section 128. and Section 129.  shall be classified as credits earned by the student, providing that these credits were recognised in the period reviewed for the reclassification.
Reclassifications after the end of the academic year shall be conducted between 1-15 August for the 2021/2022 academic year and by 31 July for any other case.
The organisational unit acting as the student’s data controller shall verify whether the reclassification criteria have been met.
If yes, it shall adopt a decision on the reclassification (on changing the student’s financial status) and send this to the student via the SAS.
The abovementioned decision shall be subject to the provisions of Section 212. of this Code.
At the student’s request, pursuant to subsection (8) of Section 61 of Government Decree 87/2015, the student’s data controller shall review the decision on the reclassification and modify it (reversing the student’s financial status to state scholarship recipient), if the reclassification criteria are no longer valid and the University has a vacancy for state scholarship.
Reclassification decisions may be reviewed until 15 September of the given year, providing that the credits used for the review are earned by the start of the next term at the latest.
Section 74/B.
[Special rules of reclassification] Contrary to Section 74/A (1), students starting their studies between the 2012/2013 and 2015/2016 academic years shall be reclassified to self-financed status, if they failed to obtain at least 30 credits or failed to have a grade point average of 2.00 in the last two active terms, during which they did not take part in part-time studies abroad in a European Economic Area (hereinafter referred to as ‘EEA') member state, which would be recognised as part of their studies within their academic programme at the University.
Students who were receiving full or partial scholarship from the Hungarian state and withdrew their declaration, stipulated by subsection (2) of Section 48/D of the Higher Education Act, by registering such withdrawal in the SAS, shall be reclassified to self-financed status.
If the declaration is withdrawn by 14 March in the spring term and 14 October in the autumn term, students may only continue the term they started with a self-financed status, otherwise their financial status shall be reclassified from the next term.
The registration of the withdrawal of the declaration, stipulated by subsection (2) of Section 48/D of the Higher Education Act, may be withdrawn without any legal effect by the deadline specified in this subsection.
The Rector may decide, pursuant to subsection (4) of Section 47 of the Higher Education Act, to prolong the financing period for disabled students, based on the opinion of the Student Equal Opportunities Committee and with the consent of the Chancellor.
Section 74/C.
[Reclassification to self-financed status by request] Students may request at any time to be reclassified from recipients of full or partial scholarship from the Hungarian state to self-financed status from the following term in the academic programme specified by them.
Upon submitting their request, they acknowledge that the reversal of such reclassification shall be subject to the procedure stipulated in Section 74/D.
Section 74/D.
[Reclassification to state scholarship recipient status by request] Students in self-financed programmes can apply via the SAS for a state scholarship for the following academic year after the end of the current academic year and no later than 31 August.
The declaration prescribed by Section 48/D(2) of the Higher Education Act shall be attached to the request.
Pursuant to Section 48(3) of the Higher Education Act, vacancies for full or partial Hungarian state scholarships may be filled by reclassifying students from the same academic programme who had the best results in the last two active terms based on their grade point average.
By 15 August the Central Academic Office shall inform students with a self-financed status via the SAS about the option of reclassification by request and on the number of vacancies for state scholarships.
Students may be reclassified to a state scholarship recipient status if they obtained at least the number of credits specified in Annex 3 and their grade point average for the last two active terms exceeds the threshold specified in Annex 3.
Vacancies for state scholarships shall be filled with self-financed students from the same academic programme, who submitted a request for reclassification, starting from the best grade point average for the last two active terms downwards.
If two applicants are left for the last vacancy with the same grade point average, the student with the higher number of credits shall be reclassified.
Section 74/E.
[Reclassification by financed period] Using the data of the Higher Education Information System, the University shall verify the number of terms for which the student received state funding or full/ partial state scholarship and if required by law, it shall adopt a decision on reclassification as per Section 212. of this Code within 15 days, of which it shall inform the student via the SAS.
The student’s financing status shall be modified in the SAS immediately after the decision becomes final.
In cases specified in subsection (1), the starting date for paying the fee-paying or self-financing contribution shall be the next day after the decision becomes final.
If prior to adopting the decision, the student has been awarded and paid, in part or in full, a scholarship for the fee-paying or self-financed term, for which the student would not be eligible in the fee-paying or self-financing status, the decision quoted in subsection (1) shall also cover the cancellation of such scholarship and the repayment of the fully or partially disbursed amount thereof.
Guest student legal status, partial transfer [Partial transfer] The University grants its consent to its students pursuing studies for a period in the capacity of a guest student at another institution of higher education in Hungary or abroad provided the accepting institution makes this possible [partial transfer].
Guest student legal status is for a minimum of one term.
With the exception of inter-institutional agreements and international exchange programmes conducted in an EEA member state, the University will not reimburse the costs of studying at another institution.
The credits obtained by a student at another institution of higher education as a guest student can be recognised based on the proof of credit recognition or an equivalent document (e.g.
transcript) issued by the accepting institution in accordance with the rules of credit transfers.
Students pursuing studies abroad in a foreign institution of higher education may request that the credits obtained for completing the courses count towards their study obligations at the University in accordance with the provisions of the study agreement or programme provided the study agreement concluded prior to travelling to the foreign institution contains the credits to be achieved.
In such cases the credit recognition is reviewed prior to starting the studies abroad and may not be revoked by the Credit Transfer Committee.
[Guest student legal status] Students of other Hungarian or foreign institution of higher educations may pursue studies at the University based on an inter-institutional agreement as guest students.
For partial transfers under an inter-institutional agreement, the inter-institutional agreement provides for the reimbursement of costs.
In the absence of an inter-institutional agreement, students of other institution of higher educations may pursue their studies at the University with guest student legal status in a fee-paying financing form.
Guest students will be entered into the SAS and for the duration of their studies at the University they will be subject to the relevant University regulations.
[Establishment of guest student legal status] Requests to establish a guest student legal status must be submitted no later than eight days prior to the start of the registration week, via the information system operated by the Central Academic Office, addressed to the Dean’s Office of the faculty whose courses the applicant wishes to complete.
In case of foreign students, this deadline may be extended up to the end of the third week of the study period.
The FSC decides about the request.
Attachments to the requests must include the following: data required to establish a student’s legal status: the applicant’s name, sex, birth name, mother’s name, place and date of birth, nationality, address and phone number of the applicant’s permanent or usual residence, in case of non-Hungarian citizens, the grounds of residence in Hungary and the designation and number of the document permitting residence – in case of persons with the right of free movement and residence, the designation and number of the document confirming the right of residence, a certificate confirming the student’s legal status, the certified copy of the credit book or of the register extract.
Based on the request, the authorisation to establish a guest student status is issued – based on the FSC’ s decision – by the Dean’s Office of the faculty within eight days following the receipt of the request.
The resolution must determine the financing form of the guest student’s training, the amount, payment method and due date of any potential self-financing payment.
Based on the guest student authorisation, the Dean’s Office registers the guest student for the authorised courses in the SAS.
The data controller issues, at the student’s request, an electronically authenticated or a paper-based term report on the academic achievements of guest students, also attaching the credit report for the credits earned per each curricular unit.
The term report includes the student’s identification data [name, birth name, place and date of birth, student identification number], the subject data sheet of the completed curricular units and the grade awarded, the academic year of the training, the term within the academic year, the duration of the studies (the first and last day of the guest student legal status), the number and the date of the term report, and a certifying signature, stamp in case of paper-based documents.
Completion of part of a programme  [Completion of part of a programme] The University may, without carrying out an admission process, admit persons, who are not students of the University to any of its courses or modules for the purpose of completing only that part of the programme, and may grant student status to such persons, who shall finance their studies themselves.
The option of completion of part of a programme is primarily used to acquire knowledge (earn credits) in order to fulfil the requirements of new specialisations, prepare for a master programme or practice a profession, as prescribed by law.
When completing part of a programme, the student status is awarded for one term and may be applied for again without restrictions, however the completion is limited to study units worth a maximum of 60 credits.
The aforementioned status shall not entitle students to pursue studies for the award of further professional or vocational qualifications, to request a transfer, to acquire additional (simultaneous) student status or guest student status, to suspend their student status, except for the reasons specified in Section 57.
(6), to request transfer programmes with state funding or full or partial Hungarian state scholarships and to have such a training included in the financed period.
[Establishment and limitations of completion of part of a programme] The request for student status for the completion of part of a programme shall be submitted via the IT system operated by the Central Academic Office by also specifying the subjects that the applicant wishes to complete.
Data defined in Section 77 (2) shall be attached to the application.
Applications may be submitted no later than three weeks before the start of the study period.
The application is forwarded by the Central Academic Office to the FSC in charge of the given subjects.
A decision is made by the FSC within eight days from submitting the application.
The data controller shall notify the applicant about the decision no later than five days before the start of the study period.
[Credit report] The Dean’s Office of the relevant faculty shall issue a credit report for the study units completed within the programme.
The credit report must include the subject data sheets of the completed subjects.
Upon the student’s request, the data controller shall issue a certificate of the completion of part of the programme in a hard copy or electronic copy, which shall include that same data as the certificate specified in Section 77 (6).
Parallel studies [Parallel studies] After the establishment of student legal status, a student at the University may enter into other (parallel) legal relationships with the University on another programme or with another Hungarian or foreign institution of higher education in order to obtain another degree or a professional qualification.
Participation in parallel studies is possible for students whose legal status is not suspended in at least two programmes or at two institutions and who are able to satisfy their study obligations simultaneously in all programmes.
Students may notify their data controller of the parallel legal status within eight days of its establishment.
Students are not obliged to make the notification but they are liable for any legal consequences arising from failure to do so.
Students having a legal status at another institution of higher education may enter into a parallel legal status with the University after a valid admission decision in order to obtain another degree or further qualifications.
Students may request the inclusion of parallel studies and the recognition of related credits in an application submitted to the Credit Transfer Committee in accordance with the provisions of this Code.
[Special rules of parallel studies] Students pursuing parallel studies must fulfil all the specific requirements relevant to them, and comply with the provisions of this Code and other University regulations applicable to students.
With studies pursued in parallel in different programmes, the successful completion of a particular subject may contribute to accumulating credits in all programmes in accordance with the rules of credit recognition.
Selection of autonomous curricular units [Selection of autonomous curricular units] Within the framework of the training and outcome requirements, this Code and their Faculty’s code, students may pursue their studies by selecting autonomous curricular units within their academic programmes.
Students may select and be admitted to autonomous curricular units simultaneously with the admissions process for higher education studies, [selection upon entry as per Section 84.]
during their studies within the academic programme, [interim selection as per Section 85.]
upon the conclusion of their studies, based on the completed curricular units [selection upon exit as per Section 86.].
The process of selecting autonomous curricular units (hereinafter: selection process) shall be organised by the Dean’s Office of the faculty in charge of the academic programme and overseen by the vice dean for education.
The students have the right to transfer between the autonomous curricular units.
The transfer shall be subject to the given faculty’s Code by also applying the rules of admission for specialisations.
Before the transfer the students shall be informed that the transfer decision may result in prolonged studies, the legal consequences of which shall be borne by the students.
The faculty in charge of the academic programme shall publish information on its website on the autonomous curricular units, the selection process, as well as the minimum and maximum number of students who can be admitted for the autonomous curricular units.
Students may complete one or more autonomous curricular units, based on their training programme.
Students shall be given the option of conducting their studies in an autonomous curricular unit (specialisation), when this is prescribed by the training programme as mandatory.
Based on the decision of the faculty in charge of the academic programme, the completion of the curricular unit, prescribed by the training programme as compulsory and classified as specialisation shall be verified in an additional clause to the diploma or as a diploma supplement pursuant to Section 6.2 of Annex 9 to Government Decree 87/2015  At the student’s request, the faculty in charge of the academic programme shall issue a separate verification (certificate) on the completed autonomous curricular units in Hungarian, English or in the language of their training.
[Selection upon entry] When the selection process is conducted simultaneously with or following the higher education admission process, the applicant is admitted to both the chosen academic programme and the autonomous curricular unit(s) at the same time, therefore upon enrolment they will start their studies within the academic programme in the selected autonomous curricular unit(s).
The information described in Section 83.
(5) shall be published on the faculty’s website by the dean of the faculty in charge of the academic programme, in consultation with the person responsible for the programme and the head of the organisational unit in charge of the autonomous curricular unit, 90 days before the minimum point limits for admissions are announced.
During the selection process  the minimum number of students may be reduced, but not increased the maximum number of students may be increased, but not reduced.
If the number of applicants exceeds the maximum number of vacancies, the ranking method, specified in the faculty’s Code, shall be used for admitting the applicants to the specialisation.
The results of the specialisation selection, as per this Section (decisions on classification), shall be published on the website of the faculty in charge of the academic programme at least 8 days before the registration period.
[Interim selection] The interim selection process during ongoing studies in the given academic programme (application) shall be subject to the schedule, set by the faculty in charge of the academic programme during the term preceding the start of studies in the autonomous curricular unit, as well as the criteria specified in this Code and the faculty’s Code.
The schedule, the selection criteria and the faculty’s rules shall be published on the faculty’s website at least 30 days before the first day of the term for which the selection process applies.
The selection process shall have the following periods: publication period (the list of available autonomous curricular units and the description of these units are published, etc.
), application period, decision-making period (applicants are ranked) and appeal period.
During the application period, students shall submit their applications for the specialisations, announced for their academic programmes, via the SAS or another suitable system, run by the faculty in accordance with the faculty’s Code.
The information described in Section 83.
(5) shall be published on the faculty’s website by the dean of the faculty in charge of the academic programme, in consultation with the person responsible for the programme and the head of the organisational unit in charge of the autonomous curricular unit, at least 30 days before the start of the period specified in subsection (2) b).
During the specialisation selection process  the minimum number of students may be reduced, but not increased the maximum number of students may be increased, but not reduced.
If the number of applicants exceeds the maximum number of vacancies, the ranking method, specified in the faculty’s Code, shall be used for admitting the students who applied for the autonomous curricular unit.
The criteria for the selection of autonomous curricular units shall be included in the training programme or the faculty’s Code.
At least one of the following criteria may be prescribed for selection, depending on the characteristics of the academic programme and the autonomous curricular unit: availability of required and earned credits, completion of a specified number or type of study units, completion of study units with a specified result, completion of a specified cumulative grade point average, meeting certain criteria (e.g.
complex exam, language proficiency), successful completion of an aptitude test or a practical exam, verified internship of a specified duration and specialist area, other criteria, set by the person responsible for the programme.
[Selection upon exit] No advance selection is required for the exit autonomous curricular units within the academic programme.
Students decide on the selection by organising their studies and completing the curricular units belonging to the autonomous curricular unit, so at the end of their studies it is determined which autonomous curricular units they have competed.
During selection upon exit  it is specified in the training programme which autonomous curricular unit can be completed by completing the individual curricular units, special criteria and limitations on the number of participating students may not be prescribed.
Instructors’ obligations and rights [Instructors’ obligations and rights] Instructors have an obligation to perform their duties competently to the best of their ability, to hold scheduled lessons, except in extraordinary circumstances, in person and at the time announced in the timetable, to convey knowledge in an objective and multifaceted manner, to take into account the students' individual ability, talent or disability during teaching activity, to regularly provide information on issues relevant to students in the subjects taught or supervised by them, and to give substantive replies to students' questions, to enforce the principle of equal treatment when evaluating the learning out-comes of students, to respect the human dignity and rights of students.
inform the student of their academic results and grades by recording them in the SAS as specified in this Code of Studies.
Instructors hold the right to have their human dignity and personality rights respected and their teaching activity valued and acknowledged, in the context of the educational programme and this Code, to determine the knowledge to be taught based on the requirements of the subject coordinator, and to choose the methods of teaching, training and evaluation of learning outcomes to be used, to perform their teaching activity based on their own worldview and values without compelling or urging students to accept them, to choose students and to guide and assess the students' work in accordance with the provisions of University regulations.
Organisation of academic work, 
evaluation of learning outcomes Periods of study [Periods of study] ,The academic year is an education management period of ten months or for doctoral programmes a period of twelve months.
The academic year consists of two terms – autumn and spring.
With the exception of doctoral programmes, a term consists of maximum five months.
The academic year starts with the autumn term.
The term is comprised of the registration period and the academic period.
The registration period is at least three and at most five working days in length.
Dependent on the training and outcome requirements, the academic term consists of  a study period of at least fourteen weeks and at most seventy working days,  a late completion period of at least five working days, an exam period of at least twenty working days and a final examination period of at least ten working days, part of which is after the exam period.
The first day of the academic term is also the first day of teaching, i.e.
the study period.
A late completion period and exam period which consist of more than five working days may share at most one working day in common.
The academic year and the term at the University end as follows uniformly in every training cycle, irrespective of the study mode: the last day of the training period of the autumn term is 31 January; the last day of the academic year and the training period of the spring term is 15 July.
for doctoral programmes, the autumn term is from 1 September to 31 January of the following year, and the spring term is from 1 February to 31 August.
The detailed schedule of each academic year, term – with regard to subsection (6) – is determined by the rector – with the consent of the chancellor – in an order, to be published until 15 February of the year when the academic year starts.
In harmony with the provisions of the present Section, the schedule of the faculties and academic programmes for a term is determined by the dean in an order, to be published at least fifteen days prior to the first day of the academic year.
The schedule of academic years and terms may vary for each study mode, in compliance with the requirements of this Code.
[Further faculty provisions on study periods] The schedule of the academic year and term of the doctoral programme is determined by the dean in harmony with the contents of Section 88. with the consent of the head of the Doctoral School.
The schedule of the academic year, term of postgraduate specialist training programmes is determined by the dean in an order, with the consent of the programme owner of the postgraduate specialist training programme.
[Lesson] Contact lessons with a specific time in the timetable must be held within the framework of a lesson, under the continuous supervision of the instructor, and, apart from extraordinary cases, at the time and place indicated in the timetable.
Laboratory practice, due to its nature, may also be held at a location other than that indicated in the timetable provided the students concerned are notified in advance.
A lesson at the University is forty-five minutes and the breaks between lessons are fifteen minutes long.
Provided the instructor and students agree, lessons may be held back-to-back and the breaks between them may also be taken consecutively.
No more than two lessons may be held consecutively except for laboratory practices where the nature of the work processes requires more consecutive lessons.
[Holidays] The rector may allow up to three days of school holiday in each term.
The rector notifies the chancellor of the decision on the school holiday, at least eight days prior to the start of the school holiday.
In addition to the holidays approved by the rector, deans may allow up to another two days of school holiday in each term.
Deans are required to notify the rector and the chancellor of the decision on the school holiday, at least eight days prior to the start of the school holiday.
Holidays may apply to  the entire university, all the faculties, a full working day, or certain academic programmes, study modes only or part of a working day.
During holidays, no lessons, the delayed completion of lessons or evaluations are allowed and students may not be required to attend such lessons or evaluations.
[Special rules of organization of internships] Internships required by the curriculum may be held in the period between the end of the spring term and the beginning of the autumn term as well as in the terms indicated in the recommended curriculum [term internships].
At the student's request, the FSC may permit the internship to take place in a period of time other than specified in subsection (1).
Permission thus obtained does not authorise the student to take advantage of other concessions.
Registration for a subject related to an internship completed between the end of the spring term and the beginning of the autumn term will be open in the following term at the earliest.
Announcement of subjects and courses [Announcement of subjects and courses] The process of announcing subjects and courses is supervised and directed by the vice-dean responsible for education in each faculty.
The announcement of a subject specifies the courses which make the completion of a subject possible.
The course(s) required to complete a compulsory or a compulsory elective subject are announced by the educational organisational unit responsible for the subject in the term indicated in the recommended curriculum.
In case of compulsory elective subjects, the faculty responsible for teaching the academic programme (training) must ensure that students are able to choose from a group of subjects with a credit value exceeding the required quantity in the curriculum by at least fifty per cent or including at least two more subjects in addition to the curriculum requirement.
The educational organisational unit responsible for teaching the particular course has the right to decide on the announcement of courses.
Based on the FSC’s recommendation, the dean may require the concerned educational organisational unit to announce a course.
Subjects and courses must be announced in order to enable all students to complete the requirements of the recommended curriculum applicable to them.
The head of the educational organisational unit responsible for a particular subject must ensure that the course(s) enabling the completion of subjects identified in a programme’s curriculum as compulsory or compulsory elective are duly announced.
The exam course defined in points a) and b) of subsection (8) of Section 34. must be announced in each term and the organisational unit in charge of the particular subject may be required to announce the exam course defined in point c), (8) of Section 34 based on the FSC’s recommendation.
[Determination of number of places in a course] The EOU responsible for the course may set a minimum and maximum number of places for the courses.
These numbers must be published in the SAS.
The number of students per instructor in courses described under Section 34.
(4) b) and c), may not exceed thirty-six students.
In order to enable the completion of the compulsory subject stated in the recommended curriculum, the number of courses announced must be sufficient for all students entitled to register for the subject and course to take these.
The number of students that can be accepted for the course of an elective subject may be restricted by the EOU responsible for the subject based on the instructor's capacity, the limited number of pieces of teaching equipment and, with the FSC's agreement, other objective reasons.
[Announcement of courses] The head of the educational organisational unit responsible for the announcement of a subject and course must ensure that the subjects and courses (including exam courses) planned to be announced are recorded in the SAS no later than the end of the sixth week of the study period of the preceding term.
Courses are recorded by entering the data defined in points 1 to 3 and 5 to 9, subsection (7) into the SAS.
The faculty responsible for teaching a programme (training) must ensure that all the courses, where required by this Code, have a specific time in the timetable and that such times are set in the SAS, no later than the end of the third week of the exam period of the preceding term.
The educational organisational unit must assign to a course a course instructor actively involved in delivering the course no later than the first day of the preliminary subject registration period of the given term, provided that such instructor is already known and selected.
In reasonably required instances, an instructor may be assigned to laboratory and/or classroom-based practical sessions at a later date which must occur in the shortest possible time but no later than the second working day of the registration period.
In particularly reasonably required instances, a change in the person of the assigned course instructor is allowed until the second working day of the registration period.
Courses with a specific time in the timetable – not including criterion requirements and laboratory practice – must have a classroom assigned to them.
Classrooms are selected by the timetable coordinator of the faculty with regard to the recommendation of the educational organisational unit.
Classrooms must be able to accommodate the maximum number of students set for the particular course.
Deviation from this provision by the educational organisational unit is allowed with the approval of the FSC of the faculty in charge of the programme.
The time in the timetable of courses of – different – compulsory and compulsory elective subjects announced for the same term in the recommended curriculum must be determined to ensure that the types of courses of these subjects which are not available in a parallel manner, courses announced for several days within a week, may not be held at the same time.
In case of subjects and courses announced in international exchange programmes, the deadline of the recording defined in subsection (1) is the end of the fourth week of the study period of the preceding term while the deadline of the timetable data entry defined in subsection (2) is the end of the sixth week of the study period of the preceding term.
Courses are announced – with the deadlines defined in this section – via the SAS by including the following data:  course code, course type, the nature of the course, the instructors of the course and the extent of their contribution in the teaching of the course, course registration requirements, the minimum number of students to launch the course and the maximum number of students to accommodate, the size of the waiting list, which can be zero, in case more students apply for the course than the maximum number determined, the ranking criteria (other than the order of application), the language the course is taught in, the classroom assigned to the course, if required by this Code, and the timetable data of the course, if required by this Code.
The timetable data of a course are determined by the timetable coordinator of the faculty responsible for teaching the programme, based on the recommendations of the educational organisational unit responsible for teaching the subject.
[Modifications and finalization of course announcement] The programme owners and specialisation coordinators must check in the SAS whether they have announced the required number of courses providing the required number of places for the students.
If such check identifies gaps in the availability of subjects and courses, they initiate the procedure to fix such gaps by reporting to the vice-dean for education.
In view of the changes made by the programme owners and the specialisation coordinators, the vice-dean for education of the particular faculty must ensure that the preliminary list of available subjects and courses is announced in the SAS until the end of the last week of the study period in the term preceding the specific term, not including the announcement of the classroom, time in the timetable and instructor assigned to the course.
The head of the educational organisational unit responsible for the announcement is allowed to request the timetable coordinator of the faculty to implement changes, additions and deletions in the preliminary course selection until the fifth working day before the start of the preliminary subject and course registration period at the latest.
The timetable coordinator of the faculty, upon consulting the vice-dean for education if required, (especially in the case of reduction in the number of students or courses) changes the list of available courses but is not allowed to delete any exam courses.
With the exceptions defined in this Code, no changes in the finalised list of available subjects and courses are allowed.
System and framework of subject and course registration [Subject and course registration periods] Subject and course registration is comprised of preferential, preliminary and finalisation periods.
Unless provided for otherwise by an order – issued based on subsection (7), Section 88 for each programme and may be organised in a number of phases in time.
The preferential subject and course registration period begins at least twelve hours before the preliminary period and ends no sooner than one hour before the start of the preliminary period.
The time frame of and the group of eligible students for the preferential subject and course registration period is determined by the FSC.
The FSC must notify the organisation of the student’s data controller of this decision at least eight days prior to the first day of the said period and the data controller must ensure that the required conditions are available in the SAS.
In case of the lack of such notification, the preferential subject and course registration period is not applicable.
The finalisation period of the subject and course registration starts at 18:00 on the first working day of the registration period and ends at 23:59 on the last day of the registration period.
[General rules of course registration] Preferential and preliminary subject and course registration is not compulsory for students, and during the finalisation period they may register courses which they did not register for during the preferential or preliminary periods.
A student may only register for a subject or course if the requirements for its registration are fulfilled or when the Credit Transfer Committee has acknowledged the completion of the requirements based on the student's request.
The course registration requirement as provided for in Section 36.
(2) may be modified by the start of the preferential course registration period at the latest with the FSC's consent.
Registration for a subject or course announced in order to complete a comprehensive exam or withdrawing such a registration may take place continuously until the end of the twelfth week of instruction at the latest irrespective of the subject and course registration periods.
[Special rules of course registration] Students are entitled to register for a course or exam course announced by any of the University's educational organisational units in the SAS (course registration) provided they fulfil the requirements for the subject and course registration with the restriction specified in subsection (2).
Students pursuing studies in more than one programme (training) may only register for courses listed in that particular programme's recommended curriculum from the other programme (training) with the joint permission of the Study Committee of the Faculties of both the students' parent faculty and the other faculty concerned.
Students are required to pay an extra fee for the registration of each course not included in subsections (2) and (2a), Section 49 of the Higher Education Act.
Under subsection (2) of Section 82 of the Higher Education Act students are obliged to pay a separate fee per course for re-registering for a course in any subject previously registered for but not completed for any reason.
Students may only obtain credits or a grade for a subject if they have registered for the courses required for the subject's completion in the given term.
[Recompletion of a subject to improve the grade] At the student's request, the FSC may permit recompletion of a previously completed subject in order to improve the grade.
When recompleting a subject to improve the grade, the courses of the subject may not be registered for but, under subsection (2) of Section 82 of the Higher Education Act the student is obliged to pay the fee for re-registering for a course in advance.
The fee paid cannot be reimbursed.
If the fee specified in subsection (2) is not paid, the previous grade may not be improved.
When recompleting a subject to improve the grade, the credit previously obtained for that particular subject will not be lost and, of the previous and new results, the one which is more favourable for the student will be taken into account.
When a subject is completed again in order to improve the grade, the grade will replace the previously obtained grade when calculating the grade point average but it may not be taken into account when calculating the credit index, the corrected credit index and the performance index.
It is only possible to recomplete subjects to improve the grade during the entire study period for up to ten per cent (rounded up) of the credit amount stated in the training and outcome requirements necessary to obtain a degree certificate.
Students may only take advantage of the option of recompletion of a subject to improve the grade once for each subject.
The fact of recompletion of a subject in order to improve the grade must be recorded in the SAS.
[Finalisation of the subject and course registration] Between 00:00 and 18:00 on the first working day of the registration period, the educational organisational unit or the person responsible acting on its behalf determines, in the knowledge of the number of students who have registered for the courses and fulfilled the requirements, the finalised list of available courses offered by the organisational unit.
The finalised list of available courses offered must be determined in accordance with the provisions of subsections (2) to (7) .
The course for the subject must be held if at the end of the preliminary subject registration period the number of students registering reaches or exceeds the minimum number stated in the course's announcement or it is a course for a compulsory subject to be taken in that term in the recommended curriculum whose registration and completion is compulsory in order to complete the subject and at least one student has registered for it.
If at the end of the preliminary subject and course registration period the number of students registering for the course is below the minimum number stated in the announcement of the course and the course is not subject to the contents of b)point of subsection (2), dependent on the decision of the educational organisational unit responsible for the course, the course either will not be held or a decision about holding it will only be reached later in the registration period.
Students must be informed in the SAS if a course is not to be held or, if a decision on holding the course has not yet been taken, of the date of the decision, which may not be later than 14:00 on the penultimate working day of the registration period.
The fact of a postponed decision must appear in the 'Notes' field of the course in the SAS.
The educational organisational unit may limit withdrawing registration from courses with a postponed start provided that the students have been informed in advance.
In view of the minimum and maximum number of students attending a course, the educational organisational unit is allowed to merge courses announced for the same time, to transfer students – at their requests – from one course to another, until the end of the penultimate working day of the registration period.
If there are students on the waiting list for a course, for a compulsory subject in a particular term in the recommended curriculum, registration for the courses for that subject must be made possible for all students for whom this is required by the recommended curriculum either by raising the number of places on the courses or by starting a new course or courses, for compulsory elective subjects or elective subjects, the educational organisational unit may decide at its own discretion either to raise the number of places on the courses or to start new courses.
Students may be transferred from the waiting list for a course to the actually admitted students based on previously given ranking criteria or, in the absence of these, based on the order of application.
After the finalisation period, on the first working day of the first week of instruction, the study administrator of the educational organisational unit will delete  the course and subject applications of students on the waiting lists for the started courses; the applications of students for subjects and courses with a parallel prerequisite where the parallel prerequisite is not fulfilled; and the exam course applications of students without valid signature – subject to subsections (7)-(8) of Section 235.
After the registration period the educational organisational unit may only transfer a student to another course at the student's written request with the joint consent of the subject coordinator and the course instructors.
Prior to the registration period, the educational organisational unit must announce the schedule of the laboratory practice in a manner to ensure that students are able to apply for the actual course in the SAS (direct application).
If the course registration fails to be performed in the direct manner defined in subsection (10), the educational organisational unit registers the student for the required course following the registration period.
Prior to such registration, the student must be notified via the SAS.
Such registration must not cause students to have multiple courses at the same time.
[Procedure in case of deleted course registration] If a student's course application has been deleted because the final course registration requirement was not recorded in time, the student must be ensured the option of registering for the originally intended course in the preliminary or finalisation period.
[Retrospective registration or deletion of subject and course] If a student’s legal status is suspended based on subsection (6) Section 57. of this Code [retrospective classification as a passive term], their data controller, based on subsection (2a), Section 45 of the Higher Education Act, deletes, after the decision on the suspension of the legal status has become final, the academic results (results of evaluations, exam and complex exam grades) as well as subject and course registrations recorded in the SAS for the particular term.
At the student's request submitted in the SAS, based on the FSC's decision, registration for a subject or course must be deleted if attendance at the course did not occur for a reason verifiably attributable to the University or the instructor.
Students may submit a request for the subsequent registration or dropping of a subject or course in the SAS by 23:59 on the first day of the last week of instruction.
The FSC decides about the request.
If the subsequent registration or dropping of a subject or course occurs for a reason that can verifiably be attributed to the University, the educational organisational unit or the instructor, the University provides this as a service free of charge.
The data controller of a student may subsequently register the student only for a subject or course which has free capacity and with the decision of the FSC approving this.
System of contact lessons, attendance and participation requirements [System of contact lessons] The University's students may attend any lecture-type contact lesson without special permission or registering for the subject (course).
In order to attend practical courses and laboratory practice, the instructor's prior consent is required if the student has not registered for the course.
Attending without registering for a subject or course means that the student's learning outcomes will not be assessed.
In laboratory practice, the course instructor may refuse to allow students who arrive late to attend.
Refusal to allow attendance for this reason is classified as absence.
The instructor and the head of the competent educational organisational unit are responsible for holding contact lessons.
If the course instructor is unable to attend, the head of the educational organisational unit will instruct another replacement instructor to hold the contact lesson.
At the request of the students on a course, contact lessons not held for a reason attributable to the instructor must be held within the same study period at a time previously agreed with the students on the course.
At contact lessons, including lessons where evaluation of learning outcomes takes place, audio and video recordings may only be made with the prior consent of the instructor, and for practical courses and laboratory practice the consent of the other students present is also required.
Students with special needs (a disability) may record the material of the contact lessons in a way justified by their disability without special permission, but the instructor must be advised of this and the decision describing the special need presented in advance.
Students may only use an audio or video recording made under the provision laid down in subsection (4) for the purposes of their own studies.
It is forbidden to disclose, sell or share the recording through electronic information systems.
[Attendance and participation requirements] Attendance and/or participation at contact lessons may be required in the subject requirements as a condition for obtaining the credits for the subject.
Lectures are an integral part of the academic process and thus the University expects students to attend them.
Attendance at lecture-type contact lessons is only compulsory when this is specified as a subject requirement.
When attending a lecture is compulsory, the instructor will check the students' attendance at every lecture or in a group of lectures.
Checking must be documented (e.g.
attendance register, electronic attendance check) and the records of attendance must be retained until the end of the fourth week of instruction in the following term.
As regards lectures, attendance may not be required for more than seventy per cent of the total number of lectures.
If absence from the total number of practical and laboratory practice lessons exceeds thirty per cent, the credits for the subject cannot be obtained.
Subject requirements may, with the FSC's consent, make obtaining the credits for the subject conditional upon absence of less than this.
,On practical courses and in laboratory practice, the instructor checks participation in the manner and with the regularity specified in the subject requirements.
Records documenting participation checks must be retained until the end of the fourth week of instruction in the following term.
Language teaching and physical education [Language teaching] In addition to (mandatory or optional) core subjects in languages, the University shall provide language teaching on four levels for its students studying in full-time Hungarian-language programmes.
Students are entitled to participate in language teaching irrespective of whether they have completed the language requirements for obtaining their diploma, prescribed by law or by the training and outcome requirements of their academic programme.
The rules of announcing, registering for and completing language courses without credits may be different from the general rules specified herein.
Rules on language courses without credits, timetable slots for such courses and the service fees of language teaching shall be regulated by the Rector’s instruction, issued with the consent of the chancellor.
Timetable slots for language courses without credits and the timetable data of such courses shall be published in the SAS.
[Physical education] Registration for and completion of two different Physical Education courses are a criteria requirement in full-time bachelor and single-cycle programmes.
After consulting the Physical Education Centre, separate slot or slots shall be provided between 8 a.m. and 3 p.m. for the subject of Physical Education in the first two terms of the programme’s recommended curriculum in the timetables of full-time bachelor and single-cycle programmes.
The completion of the Physical Education subject is a criteria requirement, which is acknowledged by signature without any credits.
Registration for and completion of the Physical Education subject is also available free of charge in full-time studies, however the list of such available free courses may be limited by the Physical Education Centre, also depending on the Physical Education courses for which the student already registered and the relevant rules of the university.
The assessment and evaluation of academic achievement [Common rules of assessment of academic achievement] Students are obliged for the duration of their studies to strive to the best of their ability in the pursuit of their studies at the highest possible standard without any unjustified omissions or repetitions and within the framework of the options to retake and repeat incorporated in the process of education in order to acquire knowledge which may be applied in a committed, independent and responsible manner.
It is the students' right and obligation to pursue their studies continuously in the academic term.
A subject may be completed and the credits attributed to it obtained by  completing the courses, academic activities and other requirements attributed to the subject and fully acquiring the learning outcomes [completion] or having previously acquired knowledge, including knowledge acquired by formal, informal and non-formal means, recognised in accordance with Title 36.
A student completes a subject or obtains the credits for the subject by receiving a grade other than 'fail (1)' on a scale of one to five or the classification 'not completed', or, for criteria subjects without credits or grades, obtaining the entry 'signed'.
[Methods of evaluation and assessment of learning outcomes] Learning outcomes are evaluated and assessed in order to achieve the following objectives: to discover existing competences necessary for the completion of an academic activity through assessment of current knowledge (diagnostic assessment) [diagnostic assessment], to register mid-term progress with continuous feedback from the instructor through supportive assessment of ongoing development (formative assessment) [formative assessment] or to assess competences acquired during a particular instruction period through aggregate (summative) assessment [summative assessment].
Within the same subject the assessment methods described in subsection (1) can be applied in combination, adjusted to the nature and purpose of the subject.
Any of the evaluation or assessment methods can be employed to examine the existence of knowledge and skill type competences.
In order to examine the existence of attitude, and independence and responsibility type competences, primarily formative assessment and secondarily summative assessment may be applied.
[Characteristics of evaluating learning outcomes] Diagnostic assessment must be used prior to an academic activity (e.g.
prior to performing a practical or laboratory practice task) within a subject (course) in order to check whether the preliminary knowledge and skill type competences necessary for successful performance exist.
One form of this may be a quiz.
Diagnostic assessments to discover existing competences may be graded  as 'satisfactory' or 'fail', which may not be taken into account when awarding a grade for the subject (course) or when signing for completion or by giving points, which may be taken into account when awarding a grade for the subject (course) or when signing for completion.
Formative assessment may be conducted based on continuous performance and activity at the subject's contact lessons (active participation, contributing thoughts, participation in organised teamwork and discussions, etc.
), single activities (oral reports, laboratory measurements and records of these, regular submission of independent assignments that aid acquiring the course material, etc.
), continuous creation of work(s) aided by the instructor's supervision and consultation (homework, essay, project assignment, presentation, plan, artistic creation and its documentation) or solving practical tasks in dual, cooperative training.
,If, based on the subject requirement, formative assessments are compulsory, their results, with the exception of criterion requirements for the subject, must be considered with a weight of at least fifteen per cent when awarding a grade for the subject (course) or when signing for completion at the end of the term.
Summative assessments may be conducted through a single activity or activities (midterm exam, written, practical or oral exam, complex exam, etc.).
Where this Code refers to written performance assessment, this should also be understood to mean performance assessment through a closed learning management system without the physical presence of students.
Where this Code refers to oral performance assessment, this shall also be understood to mean performance assessment via an electronic communication system capable of maintaining simultaneous voice and video communication.
[System of assessments] The system of the assessment of subjects must be set up so as to aid and encourage the continuous studying of students and not to overburden students unnecessarily.
The number of assessments for each subject that are necessary for the successful completion of a subject during the study period must be defined as follows: the number of diagnostic assessments aimed to check existing competences is not restricted but this type of assessment may only be used for a subject which has a practical or laboratory practice type course, the total number of formative assessments described in Section 110.
(3) c)may be a maximum of four for subjects assessed by a mid-term grade and a maximum of two for subjects assessed by an exam grade, or the total working time required for the completion may not exceed one hundred and twenty minutes times the credit of the subject in the case of a subject assessed with a mid-term grade, and ninety minutes times the credit of the subject in the case of a subject assessed with an examination grade; as regards activities for the summative assessment of competences acquired mid-term (e.g.
mid-term exam)  the number of such assessments may be a maximum of three for subjects assessed by a mid-term grade and a maximum of two for subjects assessed by an exam grade or the total working time necessary for their completion may be at most as many times sixty minutes as the number of credits that is attributed to the particular subject for subjects assessed by a mid-term grade and at most forty-five minutes times this number for subjects assessed by an exam grade.
Subjects such as bachelor or master thesis writing and some other subjects specified in the curriculum which are not assessed by an exam grade (e.g.
internship, design task, project assignment) are assessed by formative assessment.
The subject requirement may classify the evaluation of learning outcomes as described in Section 109.
(1)b)and c), as non-compulsory (optional or voluntary evaluation of learning outcomes).
Preference may be given to the successful completion of non-compulsory evaluation, and its result may be taken into account when awarding a mid-term grade or exam grade, or when signing for completion.
Scheduling and planning assessments of academic achievement within the instruction period [Assessment plan] Assessments defined in point c), subsection (3), Section 110, assigned to subjects as well as summative assessments which must be performed at a specific time or until a specified deadline by all the students who registered for the particular subject [compulsory assessment] must be exclusively conducted at times or required to be performed until a specific deadline defined in the assessment plan approved by the FSC.
An assessment plan under subsection (1) must be prepared for compulsory and compulsory elective subjects announced for a term in each academic programme based on the recommended curriculum.
Assessments to obtain mid-term grades or signatures must exclusively be scheduled in the study period while their repeat, retake or late completion must take place in the study or the late completion period.
Compulsory assessments conducted in the study period must be scheduled between 8:00 a.m. and 8:00 p.m. on school days at the time set for the subject in the timetable or at other times defined in the assessment and evaluation plan.
Assessments held at a time other than the time of the subject in the timetable which must be performed in a specific period (including mid-term exams, reports, assessments conducted using electronic devices) must not be – in whole or in part – at the same time as the sessions of other subjects of a programme (training) announced for a term based on the recommended curriculum.
The assessment plan must be prepared in a manner to ensure that the number of assessments conducted in subjects of a programme (training) announced for a term based on the recommended curriculum which require the personal participation of students at a specific time and place must be maximum two in a week and maximum four in the last two weeks of the study period.
These assessments must not be scheduled for the same working day in a week.
The assessment plan must be published on the website of the faculty responsible for the particular programme (training) until the end of the first week of the study period at the latest.
The assessments included in the assessment plan and the options for their repeat, retake or delayed completion are recorded on the relevant platform in the SAS (task management) by the educational organisational unit, unless it requires an unreasonable amount of resources to be used, until the end of the second week of the study period, including the time, type and the method of assessment.
No deviation from the assessment plan is allowed unless approved by the FSC.
In such cases, the subject coordinator must inform the students concerned one week prior to the modified time of assessment via the SAS and the FSC must update the assessment plan published on its website.
[Mid-term grades] ,If a student has not been granted exemption from fulfilling the attendance, participation requirements based on the provisions related to the preferential course schedule or schedule for exceptional students of this Code, due to failure to fulfil the attendance, participation requirements instructors may not deny a mid-term grade if a student has not been absent from more than 20 per cent of the published practical course, in case the absence from the practical course is in excess of 20 per cent but does not exceed 30 per cent, instructors – if allowed by the subject or course requirement – may require the student to complete additional assignments, unless otherwise specified by the subject requirement, instructors will deny a mid-term grade if a student has failed to complete the required laboratory practice including missing the opportunity for late completion.
Mid-term grades will be determined based on the combined results of all the assessments of academic achievement taking the following into consideration: the achievement level (points) required to receive a pass (2) grade may not exceed fifty per cent of the level (points) earned by the full and correct completion of all mandatory assessments of achievement, the evaluation will be ‘Not completed’ if a student has failed to complete any of the assessments of academic achievement of a subject (course) or their absence is in excess of the extent allowed by the subject requirement.
The process and rules to improve mid-term grades are specified in Title 34 of this Code.
If more than two-thirds of the students (at least 10 persons) registering for a subject and taking the assessment for the first time fail at a summative assessment of a compulsory subject announced for a term in a recommended curriculum, which is not a retake or repeat, this must be investigated by the educational organisational unit responsible for teaching the subject, initiated in writing by the Faculty Students’ Union, the instructor or head of the educational organisational unit responsible for teaching the subject.
This investigation  may be initiated within three working days following the publication of the results,   must be conducted within three working days following its initiation in writing, must be conducted by an ad hoc committee including at least two instructors delegated by the head of the educational organisational unit, applying the rules regarding conflict of interest defined in subsection (4), Section 57 of the Higher Education Act as appropriate, must be concluded by a proposal from the ad hoc committee including an explanation, to assert the results of the assessment or to repeat the assessment in whole or in part, may be conducted by interviewing the student(s) involved and must be conducted by involving the faculty’s student union delegate at their request, must be concluded publishing its detailed results on the website of the educational organisational unit.
The head of the educational organisational unit must decide within one working day following the receipt of the proposal under subsection (4) whether to assert the results of the assessment or to repeat the assessment in whole or in part.
Students must not be required to attend the assessment repeated based on subsection (5), causing their previous results to remain valid.
The repeated assessment must be organised by the concerned educational organisational unit and scheduled for the eighth day following the announcement of the related decision via the SAS at the earliest.
The instructor – responsible for the assessment – of the concerned subject of the educational organisational unit must publish the results of the assessment in a manner allowing the unambiguous identification of the condition under subsection (4).
If the date of the first retake, repeat or late completion of the summative performance assessment, conducted according to the performance assessment plan, would fall within the investigation period as per paragraph (4), the organisational unit responsible for the subject shall postpone it until after the detailed results of the examination have been made public and shall inform the students concerned within one working day of submitting such request.
If the head of the educational organisational unit upholds the result of the performance assessment in accordance with subsection (5), a date shall be set for the first retake, repeat or late completion of the postponed summative performance assessment in accordance with subsection(6).
If the head of the educational organisational unit decides to repeat the performance assessment in part or in full in accordance with subsection (5), the date of the repeat performance assessment shall be set in accordance with subsection(6) and the date of the first retake, repeat or late completion of the postponed summative performance assessment shall be set accordingly, subject to the provisions of subsection(4) of Section 127.
In accordance with a decision taken pursuant to subsection (9)or (10), the date of the performance assessments shall be communicated to the students concerned without delay, but no later than eight days before the first performance assessment.
[Signatures] In case of subjects ending in an exam, students are required to obtain the ‘Signed’ mark until the end of the study period or the end of the late completion period at the latest to be able to register for an exam.
In order to obtain a ‘Signed’ mark, students are required to fulfil the attendance, participation requirements defined in the subject requirement pursuant to this Code and the individual or aggregate results attained in their assessments of academic achievement will correspond to the level (points) defined in the subject requirement, which level (points) may not exceed fifty per cent of the level (points) earned by the full and correct completion of all assessments of achievement.
If a student fails to meet the criteria to obtain a signature until the end of the study period, they will receive a ‘Denied’ mark.
Students receiving a ‘Denied’ mark at the end of the study period may attempt to obtain the ‘Signed’ mark – as specified by Title 34 of this Code – in the late completion period.
The ‘Signed’ mark – unless otherwise specified in the subject requirement – will be valid throughout the entire duration of the studies conducted at the University, including their continuation by changing programmes or re-registration.
Signatures determined in the subject requirements must be valid for at least two terms following the obtaining of such signatures.
Rules regarding exams and complex exams [Exams] Exams are a form of assessment of achievement of specific learning outcomes related to a single subject, completed – in whole or in part – in the exam period.
Exams may comprise an oral assessment, a written assessment, the completion of practical exercises, the complete or partial inclusion of the results of mid-term assessments of academic achievement or of a group of such assessments or the combination of any of the above parts.
Exams may be single or combined.
Single exams include only one while combined exams include at least two of the parts defined in subsection (2).
The subject requirement defines which parts from subsection (2) will be included in a specific combined exam, with the restriction that the number of exam components and parts of an exam may not exceed three, the order in which the parts are required to be completed, what minimum performance criteria in each part are required to successfully pass the exam, how specific groups of interim assessments of achievement will be included in the exam result and if specific parts are allowed to be separately retaken or repeated with the purpose to improve the result.
All parts of a combined exam are required to be completed in the same term, however specific parts may be completed on different days.
An exam failed for any reason – including any failed part of an exam with the exception of the part in point d) of subsection (2) – reduces the number of exams available to a student by one.
In case of the partial inclusion of mid-term results, the part of an exam taken during the exam period will be incorporated in the exam grade minimally at a rate of fifty per cent and the results achieved in the study period incorporated in the exam grade – unless otherwise specified in the subject requirement – will be incorporated in all terms for which a ‘Signed’ mark has been granted.
The complete inclusion of mid-term results means that the exam grade is entirely based on a student’s interim achievements.
In such cases, students will be allowed to modify the grade received in the above described manner in an exam taken in the exam period as specified by the subject requirement.
Exam data – including parts of combined exams – must be recorded on an exam sheet which includes the student’s identification data (name, student identification number, training code) the subject’s identification data (designation and code of subject) the term within the specific academic year,  the date of the exam, the identification data of the instructor(s) conducting the exam (name, instructor identification number), the result of the exam, in case of the last part of the combined exam, the final exam grade, and the qualified electronic signature of the examiner(s), or in the absence thereof a digital signature, or in the absence thereof an autograph signature.
[Complex exams] Complex exams are a form of comprehensive assessment of achievement of specific learning outcomes related to multiple subjects.
Complex exams are evaluated with a single grade on a scale of 1 to 5.
Complex exams may be simple with an oral part only or combined including an oral part.
In case of a combined exam, exam parts will be scheduled for a single term.
Combined type complex exams may not include a part described in point d) of subsection (2) of Section 115.
If a combined type complex exam results in a fail, only the unsuccessful part is required to be retaken while the result of the successful part of the exam remains valid for a period of thirty days or not longer than the end of the term.
The requirements of complex exams (elements of competence to be evaluated, type, exam questions etc.)
will be published simultaneously with the course and may not be modified in the specific educational period.
The oral part of a complex exam will be taken in the presence of a board of examiners including at least two members.
Unless otherwise specified by the faculty code, the board of examiners includes at least one university professor or associate professor.
One of the board members – appointed by the head of the relevant educational organisational unit – also acts as chair of the board.
When a board of examiners has two members, the oral exam will be suspended if one of the members is temporarily absent.
Oral complex exams may not be held in absence of any members of the board of examiners for complex exams.
Complex exams must be recorded in a complex exam report, which includes the student’s identification data (name, student identification number, training code) the identification data of the subject of the complex exam (designation and code of subject) the term within the specific academic year,  time and date of the complex exam together with the time and date of each part of an exam the identification data of the members of the complex exam board (name, instructor’s identification number), the result of the written exam (if any), questions asked in the oral exam (if any) and the evaluation of the oral exam, the final grade of the complex exam, and the handwritten or electronic signatures of the members of the complex exam board.
[Planning exams and complex exams] Exams (complex exams) will be planned to ensure that all students meeting the necessary exam (complex exam) eligibility criteria may be able to apply for and take the exam (complex exam) and that students may also be able to retake a failed/unsuccessful exam (complex exam) in the specific training period.
Complex exams may be held at any time during a term.
The educational organisational unit will schedule at least one date for a complex exam within and three dates beyond the exam period in each term.
Based on a reasonable request from the educational organisational unit, the FSC may permit a lower number of available exam dates.
Exam dates will be evenly distributed across the exam period.
At a minimum, three exam dates will be available to complete the written or practical part of the exam (complex exam).
At a minimum, three exam dates will be available to complete the oral exam/oral part.
Based on a reasonable request from the educational organisational unit, the FSC may permit a lower number of available exam dates.
Exam dates will be scheduled for working days.
Exams or parts of an exam may not start earlier than 8:00 a.m. and may not finish later than 8:00 p.m.
The FSC may allow deviation from this provision.
A maximum number of students may be determined for each exam date.
The maximum number of students for each exam date – in case of combined exams, for each component – may not be lower than 150 per cent of the students that have enrolled on the specific course.
Based on a reasonable request from the educational organisational unit, the FSC may permit a lower total number of students.
The total maximum number of students will be evenly distributed across exam dates.
The educational organisational unit in charge of the subject determines the dates and times of exams and complex exams as well as the maximum number of candidates nine weeks prior to the first day of the exam period, to be approved by the FSC.
The three exam and complex exam dates for each subject must be determined to ensure that the written (part) exams (the written part of the complex exam) of compulsory and compulsory elective subjects announced for a term based on the recommended curriculum of a programme (training) are not scheduled for the same day.
The exam and complex exam dates and times, the maximum number of candidates for each (complex) exam and the names of the persons involved in conducting the exams approved by the FSC must be published by the educational organisational unit three weeks prior to the first day of the exam period.
Following their publication, no changes in the exam dates and times are allowed without the FSC’s prior consent.
If reasonably required, the educational organisational unit may announce additional exam dates during the exam period or, on the recommendation of the Study Committee of the Faculty, the Dean may issue an instruction to this effect.
The educational organisational unit responsible for teaching a subject may schedule an early exam for students meeting the exam eligibility requirements in the study or late completion period which exam will be published in the Study Administration System (SAS) at least three weeks prior to the exam date.
An early exam may only be included in the total number of exams defined in subsection (3) if the relevant subject only has an exam course in the specific term.
Registration for (complex) exam dates opens at 6:00 p.m. on the second working day of the last week of the study period at the earliest.
The educational organisational unit may determine a special exam registration period for early, deferred and complex exams, in compliance with the provisions of this Code.
[Rules regarding exams and complex exams] Exams or parts of an exam defined in subsection (2) of Section 115. will be deemed as commenced with the handover of the exam task (question etc.).
Any exam or part of an exam commenced will conclude in an evaluation.
In case of oral and practical exams or parts of an exam, students – prior to the answer or the completion of the practical exercise – will be offered some preparation time in line with the type of the exam.
This requirement may only be disregarded based on the student’s request.
Examinations may be held primarily on the premises of the University, but with the permission of the dean of the faculty responsible for the course (programme), they may be taken outside the premises.
The examiner or the chairperson of the board of examiners shall be responsible for the smooth running, calm and orderly conduct of the (partial) examinations.
If the exam is taken in the presence of a board of examiners, any member of the board may ask the examinee, however the student’s performance is evaluated by the chair of the board taking the opinion of the other members into consideration.
[Special rules of exams and complex exams] Any published exam or part of an exam for which any student meeting the exam eligibility requirements has registered will be held.
Within the time frame of the individually published oral exam or oral part, the educational organisational unit or the examiner may designate the time of the exam or part of an exam for a group or for single persons.
Examinees will be notified of this designated time via the Study Administration System (SAS) at least eight hours prior to the start of the exam.
In absence of a precisely designated time, the time of the exam for all registered examinees is the start time of the exam.
In the absence of the examiner instructor, the head of educational organisational unit must ensure that a substitute examiner or another date to take the exam or part of the exam is available, which must not have any adverse effects for the students.
The head of the relevant educational organisational unit is responsible for holding any published exam or part of an exam and for holding any exam or part of an exam cancelled due to the instructor’s absence.
Any student complaints regarding the cancellation of an exam (complex exam) will be filed with the SCF.
If at least two-thirds of the students (at least 10 persons) taking the oral (part) exam on the same exam date of a subject announced for a term based on the recommended curriculum – not including repeat and retake (part) exams – fail, this must be investigated, initiated in writing by the Faculty Students’ Union or the head or instructor of the concerned educational organisational unit, within three days following the publication of the results.
The investigation must be performed applying the provisions under subsections (4) to (6), Section 113., as appropriate.
Any exams, parts of an exam (complex exams) invalidated retrospectively by the FSC must not be included in the number of exams under point b), subsection (1), Section 64.
The educational organisational unit organising an exam (complex exam) may designate certain exam or parts of an exam dates as first retake or repeated retake exam dates.
These exam dates may not be included in determination of the number of exam dates defined in subsection (3) of Section 117.  and the total maximum number of students for each exam date defined in subsection (5) of Section 117.
[Attending an exam, complex exam] Only students with a valid ‘Signed’ mark for a specific subject may attend the relevant exam.
Only students having met the preliminary criteria in the recommended curriculum and acquired the credits of the subjects relevant for the complex exam may take a complex exam.
Registration for an exam date and cancellation of a registration is only available via the SAS until 12:00 a.m. on the day preceding the exam.
The relevant educational organisational unit may set a special exam registration time frame via SAS for the oral part of a complex exam and for early exam dates which time frame may not end earlier than seventy two hours prior to the start time of the exam or part of an exam.
Students having failed an exam or part of an exam in a specific exam period or wishing to earn a better grade after a successful exam or part of an exam may have priority during registration for exam dates preliminarily published as first retake or repeated retake exam dates.
Students are required to attend any exam or part of an exam they registered for via the SAS.
If any student fails to do so, their knowledge is not assessable and the specific exam date or date for a part of an exam will be indicated with a ‘Failed to attend’ mark in the SAS.
Any student having failed to attend an exam or part of an exam they registered for must provide evidence for their absence in person, in writing, electronically or via proxy to the educational organisational unit organising the specific exam within eight days.
The evidence for absence will be approved by the educational organisational unit or in case of a dispute between the student and the organisational unit, the FSC.
In case of an unexcused absence, students may be required to pay an extra charge.
The educational organisational unit records in SAS if an absence is excused or unexcused.
Based on student request and in duly justified instances, the FSC may allow the student to take a deferred exam within fifteen days after the exam period.
Rules regarding retake, repeat and late completion [General rules regarding retakes, repeat and late completion] The University provides an opportunity for each student to demonstrate their knowledge and repeat their successful or unsuccessful assessment of academic achievement ensuring unbiased execution and evaluation of the repeated assessment of achievement.
,Students will be denied the opportunity for a retake, repeat or late completion if  in case of mid-term assessments of the subject, they have failed to meet the attendance and/or participation requirements defined in this Code or in the subject requirement; or the opportunity is excluded by the provisions in Title 38.
Unless otherwise specified by this Code, the first occasion published by the educational organisational unit for repeat or late completion of the assessment of academic achievement will be available free of charge for students.
Unless otherwise specified by the subject requirement and this Code, in case of repeat completion of the assessment, the result of the repeat completion will be considered.
The opportunities for retakes, repeat or late completion related to mid-term assessments will be planned to ensure that students using the opportunities in subsections (1) to (5) of Section 122. and meeting the required criteria may receive a different grade than fail as their mid-term grade and/or may receive a ‘Signed’ mark in subjects concluded with an exam.
[Retakes, repeat or late completion of assessments of achievement conducted in the study period] Diagnostic assessments to monitor progress in the study period may only be completed in a delayed manner or retaken in combination with the academic activity whose performance requires its successful completion as specified by the subject requirement.
In case of the group of formative assessments in the study period where the subject requirement specifically permits, late submission is allowed upon payment of an extra charge defined in this Code.
At a minimum, one week will be allowed between the original and the late submission date.
Late submission is allowed until the last day of the late completion period.
The aspect of late submission may be considered in the evaluation of the assignment up to twenty per cent of the assignment’s value (score).
,Closed (submitted) formative assessments, if their type allows, may be repeatedly completed – free of charge – until the end of the late completion period by the repeated completion of the assessment or by its repeated submission in a corrected and extended format.
A repeat completion is only allowed if it is permitted by the subject requirement and the completed or submitted assessment of achievement has previously been graded, as specified by the subject requirement including completion or submission in a timely manner.
All students having enrolled the course have the right for a retake, repeat or late completion of all summative assessments completed in the study period one time and free of charge provided that they have met the attendance, participation requirements defined in the subject requirement and in this Code.
The first (free of charge) retake or repeat performance assessments or summative assessments of the subjects announced according to the model curriculum in a given term, including summative assessments according to the model curriculum, may not be held on the same date.
First retake, repeat or late completion of summative assessments in the study period will take place independently for each assessment of achievement [individual retake, repeat or late completion] or in an aggregate manner for all assessments of achievement [combined retake, repeat or late completion] at retake, repeat or late completion occasions published for the study or late completion period.
Individual retake, repeat or late completions cover the same body of knowledge and are based on the same methodology as the assessment of achievement retaken or completed after the due date.
Combined retake, repeat or late completions are subject to the consent of the FSC responsible for the programme (training).
If repeat or late completion of any groups of assessments of academic achievement is prohibited by any provision of the subject requirement, the (partial) result for these groups of assessments will be based on the most favourable two-third – rounded down – for the specific student.
Late completion defined in point a) of subsection (5)will be held in the late completion period if it may not be scheduled for the study period due to the deadline specified in subsection (4)of Section 127. ,,If specifically allowed by the subject requirement, a retake, repeat or late completion of summative assessments is allowed for a second time upon payment of a special charge defined in this Code.
Second retakes, repeat completions are organised as defined in subsection (5) and are required to be completed until the third day of the exam period.
The educational organisational unit must allow access to a second retake or repeat completion if less than two-thirds of the students participating in the previous summative assessments earned a ‘Signed’ mark or a mid-term grade better than fail.
Second retakes or repeat completions of summative assessments will be published via the SAS as special exam dates defined in other regulations and students must register for them according to the rules of exam registration.
No grades, results will be recorded for exam dates published as described above.
Students are only allowed to participate in second retakes or repeat completions of summative assessments if they have participated in the assessment or its first retake, repeat or late completion.
[Retake or repeat completion of exams and complex exams] The educational organisational unit responsible for teaching a specific subject may publish a date for a retake (complex) exam for students obtaining an unsuccessful result in an exam or part of an exam in the specific exam period based on the number of students with unsuccessful results if such an exam date has not previously been designated pursuant to subsection (7) of Section 119.
Successful examinations (comprehensive exams) may be repeated only in the term in which they were passed.
Based on the student’s reasonably explained request submitted to the head of the educational organisational unit responsible for teaching the specific subject, the student may take a retake or a repeat retake exam in the presence of a different instructor or board of examiners subject to the decision of the head of the educational organisational unit.
If the head of the organisational unit is engaged in the examination process, the student may request the dean of the faculty responsible for teaching the specific subject to appoint a different examiner.
Such requests will be submitted in writing or electronically three days prior to the start of the exam at the latest addressed to the head of the educational organisational unit or the dean.
Exams considered as repeat retake exams in a specific examination period will be held – based on the student’s relevant request – in the presence of a board including two examiners at a minimum.
The board of examiners may include only one person who has given the student a fail grade in any exam in a specific examination period.
In case of a written exam or written part, supervision by a board of examiners means independent evaluation of the written test by two examiners at a minimum.
The result of the exam or part of an exam will be established by the board of examiners.
Third or any further exams or complex exams in a specific subject are subject to payment of a charge.
The amount of such a charge and the rules regarding its calculation are defined by university policy.
Public attendance of assessments of academic achievement, records of results  [Entry of results and grades] Mid-term grades must be recorded in the SAS by the instructor of the course, the subject coordinator or the academic administrator of the educational organisational unit until the fifteenth working days of the exam period of a term at the latest.
The entry date of a mid-term grade is the date when it was obtained.
Students may only have one grade entered for a term in a subject evaluated with a mid-term grade; grades obtained or modified by a retake, repeat or late completion erase the previous grade.
The signature marks of subjects concluded with an exam must be recorded in the SAS by the instructor of the course, the subject coordinator or the academic administrator of the educational organisational unit until the end of the exam period of the particular term at the latest.
The entry date of a signature mark is the date when it was obtained.
Students may only have one signature mark entered for a term in a subject concluded with an exam; signature marks obtained or modified by a retake, repeat or late completion erase the previous signature mark.
Following the finalisation of mid-term grades and signature marks, the instructor of the course, the subject coordinator or the academic administrator of the educational organisational unit prints the entries from the SAS as exam sheets (outcome sheets), which are then signed by the course instructor as a form of authentication.
Following its determination, the final exam or complex exam grade is added to the relevant (complex) exam date in the SAS, based on the exam sheet or complex exam report, by the examiner, subject coordinator or the academic administrator of the educational organisational unit until the end of the following working day at the latest.
In case of a combined (complex) exam, the entry is added to the exam date when the grade was determined.
If a student fails to take all the (complex) exams of a subject in a particular term, no (complex) exam grades are entered in the SAS.
Mid-term, exam or complex exam grades or results including the results of every assessment, except for diagnostic assessments, proposed grades, grades of part of an exam, the result of an oral exam or exam component not evaluated with a grade independently may be disclosed to students in person or in any other manner provided that they do no become known to third parties.
Section 124/A.
[Objections to the entry of grades] If the student discovers that their result (“signed” mark, mid-term grade, exam or comprehensive exam grade) for a subject was not registered in the SAS by the deadline set by this Code, although they have the grade; or the grade registered in the SAS is not identical to the grade received, they may submit their objection addressed to the subject administrator and the course lecturer, or if this is unsuccessful, within five working days of the last day of the examination period at the latest, addressed to the FSC of their parent faculty.
The notification or objection must state precisely which subject and against which grade entry it is lodged.
The time-limit shall be forfeited unless a request to justify default [Section 209] is submitted at the same time and is accepted by the FSC.
The FSC must investigate the merits of the objection within eight days and, if necessary, request the lecturer of the subject administrator named in the SAS to register the grade or modify the previously registered grade.
In the event that the request by the FSC pursuant to paragraph (3) is not dealt with successfully within the deadline, the vice-dean for education shall register or modify the result on the basis of the student's declaration.
The data controller shall notify the subject administrator of the absence of the "Not completed" entry specified in Section 113 (2) b), the "Denied" entry specified in Section 114 (3) and the "Failed to attend" entry specified in Section 120 (6), taking into account the time limits set out in Section 124, by means of an automated message via the SAS.
The subject supervisor shall complete the missing entries within forty-eight hours of the date of the notification, as specified in the notification under subsection(3).
[Record-keeping of the results] Documents generated in the process of the completion of the academic work of students and their evaluation must be handled and maintained by the educational organisational unit responsible for the teaching of the specific subject.
Paper-based documents generated in the process of the completion of assessments in the study and late completion period (mid-term exams, home assignments, written reports etc.)
may be returned to students following their evaluation or may be retained as arranged by the subject coordinator.
Documents generated in the process of the evaluation of assessments in the study and late completion period (exam sheets, result summary and registration documents) must be stored in the archives of the educational organisational unit pursuant to the provisions of the Records Management Policy.
Following their evaluation, documents generated in the exam period related to the completion of exams and complex exams (e.g.
exam papers) must be retained by the subject coordinator.
Documents generated in the exam period related to the evaluation of exams and complex exams (e.g.
exam sheets, exam and complex exam reports) must be stored in the archives of the educational organisational unit pursuant to the provisions of the Records Management Policy.
Unless returned to students following their evaluation, documents defined in subsections (2) and (4) may be discarded one month after the first day of the following study period.
These documents must be discarded in a manner to ensure that the discarded documents do not allow the author of the document to be identified.
[Public attendance of assessments of achievement] Written and practical assessments (tests, exams, complex exams etc.)
are not open to the public, they may only be attended by students and instructors.
Oral assessments – as allowed by the venue of the assessment – may be attended by the University’s instructors and students, however, based on the student’s explicit and reasonable request, public attendance may be restricted by the instructor in case of an assessment and by the chair of the board of examiners in case of a complex exam or final exam.
In case of oral assessments, a third person will be present apart from the student and the instructor conducting the assessment who may be a student or an instructor.
[Publication of the results of assessments of achievement] When conducted during the study period,  the result of diagnostic assessments will be preferably published before the academic activity the assessment was related to, the result of formative assessments will be published immediately after the assessed activity if the assessment was conducted as defined in points a) or d) of subsection (3) of Section 110. or if the assessment was conducted as defined in points b) or c) of the above article, the result will be published within fifteen days from the submission of the assessed activity or student project, the result of summative assessments will be disclosed within eight days directly to the student or directly in the SAS in a manner to ensure that it does not become known to third parties.
The result of written exams or written parts of an exam as well as the written part of a complex exam taken in the exam period will be made available to students directly or directly via the SAS until the end of the second working day after their completion in a manner to ensure that it does not become known to third parties.
The result of oral or practical exams or parts of an exam as well as the oral or practical part of complex exams taken in the exam period will be made available to students immediately after their determination.
Following its immediate disclosure, the result of the oral or practical part of an exam may be also recorded in the SAS.
At a minimum, forty eight hours will be allowed between the publication of the results of any assessment of academic achievement and the start time of the relevant opportunities for a retake, repeat or late completion.
The results may be disclosed to students in person or in any other manner provided that they do not become known to third parties.
Students will be allowed access to review corrected and graded written assessments until the end of the examination period.
Students may raise complaints with instructors, examiners, subject administrators – in special cases – heads of the department until the last day of the examination period.
In case of scoring errors or incorrect evaluations, instructors will adjust the grade of the assessment for which the complaint was raised.
Instructors or examiners will allow access to review assessments defined in subsection (6) at preliminarily published times.
The time to review assessments will be scheduled to precede the start time published for the retake, repeat or late completion of the relevant assessment by at least twenty four hours.
If an instructor fails to comply with subsection (7) and (4), the dean may instruct them to publish a new time for retake, repeat or late completion.
In the course of the review under subsection (6) students – without any special request – must be allowed access to the correction, grading guide of the particular assessment and to compare such guide with their own written work and its evaluation by the instructor; or  instructors must give detailed answers to the student’s professional, correction and grading questions related to the assessment.
To exercise their rights under subsection (9), students may request the head of the faculty and/or the vice-dean for education to take action.
Following assessments, the educational organisational unit may publish the correction, grading guide on its website.
The results of assessments including mid-term, exam and complex exam grades are not public personal data and may be exclusively published in a manner specified by this Code.
Subject equivalency and credit recognition [General rules regarding credit recognition] Credits for the acquisition of any body of knowledge will be awarded one time only.
A subject or group of subjects may be equated with another subject or group of subjects.
Pursuant to subsection (3), equivalency may be unilateral or bilateral.
Subject equivalency is determined by the Credit Transfer Committee (CTC) and the faculty in charge of the subjects records it in the SAS.
Students are not required to meet the requirements of the curriculum if they have previously done so and are able to provide adequate proof for that.
The credits collected during the studies in accordance with subsection (5) Section 49 of the Higher Education Act will be recognised based on studies conducted at any institution of higher education regardless of at which institution of higher education and on what training level students received their credits.
Recognition is based on the comparison of learning outcomes associated with each subject.
Recognition may not be denied if the learning outcomes of the previously completed subject and of the subject to be equated correspond at least to an extent of seventy five per cent or fifty per cent in case of subjects completed in an international exchange programme.
The credit value of academic achievement recognised according to subsection (5), Section 49 of the Higher Education Act corresponds to the credit value of the subject considered as completed, however the grade earned may not be modified at a recognition of a subject.
When multiple subjects are recognised as a single subject, the grade is determined based on the arithmetic mean of the grades of the completed subjects weighted with credits.
In case of a subject completed in an EEA member state, grades based on the European Credit Transfer System (ECTS) will correspond to grades used in the University as follows: A (excellent) equals grade 5 (excellent), B (very good) equals grade 5 (excellent), C (good) equals grade 4 (good), D (satisfactory) grade 3 (satisfactory), E (pass) equals grade 2 (pass), F (fail) equals grade 1 (fail).
When a subject having a credit value without grades is recognised, a grade 5 (excellent) will be awarded.
Competences acquired earlier through formal (acquired outside of the school system but in an organised training), informal (outside the school system, acquired from experience) learning and experience obtained through work or acquired through programmes aimed at gaining qualifications or skills may be recognised through the recognition of credits for a subject in a programme (training) or granting exemption from the fulfilment of criterion requirements.
In the course of the recognition procedure, the Faculty Credit Transfer Committee confirms the existence of the learning outcomes, primarily based on the student’s documents and secondly through the means of the assessment of academic achievement.
The Faculty Credit Transfer Committee rejects the recognition request if the student fails the said assessment.
A case-by-case decision of the CTC shall be applied for at least five years in the case of an application for recognition of credit with identical content.
Based on its case-by-case decisions, the CTC – together with the Central Academic Office – shall compile a register of credit recognition decisions, which shall include the data of the recognised or recognisable subject (subject name, code, higher education institution announcing the subject, electronic link to the subject description); the data of the subject recognised as completed (subject name, code, electronic link to the subject description);  the date of the decision; and the last date of applicability of the decision.
The register described in paragraph (9).
shall be accessible to all students and lecturers through the SAS.
[Special rules regarding credit transfer and recognition] No credits of subjects completed in a bachelor training or single-cycle programme closed with the award of a diploma whose completion was required to be awarded a diploma in the particular programme may be recognised in a master training programme.
No credits of subjects completed in a bachelor, master training or single-cycle programme closed with the award of a diploma whose completion was required to be awarded a diploma in the particular programme may be recognised in a master or postgraduate specialist training programme.
, Students will submit a request to the Credit Transfer Committee of the Faculty for specific subjects completed earlier to be recognised in their current programme.
No credits may be recognised for a subject in this procedure that has been recognised in the previous programme (training).
Students may request the FCTC of the faculty in charge of the specific programme to recognise subjects to be completed or previously completed – as a guest student or as part of a programme – in a different programme, at a different faculty, at a different institution of higher education.
Persons applying for a master training programme may submit a request to the FCTC in charge of the relevant programme to conduct a preliminary credit recognition procedure.
In this procedure, the FCTC determines whether the academic requirements (meeting compliance criteria) previously fulfilled or expected to be fulfilled by the applicant until the end of the ongoing term may be recognised and whether in case of availability of credits (meeting compliance criteria) specified in the admission requirements, the applicant meets the entry criteria defined in the training and outcome requirements of the relevant master programme and also determines prerequisite subjects to be completed.
The faculty in charge of the master training programme will consider credits recognised by the FCTC in a preliminary credit recognition procedure as recognised at the actual commencement of the training without any further requests.
No preliminary credit recognition statement made by the FCTC may be subsequently repealed.
For the purposes of this Code, the transfer of a subject (credit) means that subjects completed earlier in another programme are considered – beyond the credit recognition procedure – as they have been completed in the specific programme.
Subjects (credits) affected by the said transfer are not subject to point a) of subsection (2a) of Section 49 of the Higher Education Act.
If the subject (credit) is completed and recognized in the same term, the credit must be taken into account when determining the credit index and the corrected credit index.
The subject (credit) shall be recognised without discretion if the request is explicitly for recognition as an elective subject.
Section 129/A.
[Competence recognition] A student may request in his/her application submitted to the FCTC the recognition of the academic assessment(s) specified in the subject requirement as having been completed [recognition of assessed competence]; partial or total exemption from the completion of a given course type(s) [recognition of competence to be fulfilled].
Request for the recognition of an assessed or to be fulfilled competence shall include documents and certificates proving the existence of the competences to be recognized, as well as the subject concerned and the performance assessments or types of courses to be recognized within it.
In recognizing the competence assessed or to be fulfilled, the FCTC may seek the opinion of the competent educational organizational unit.
Based on the decision of the FCTC, the educational organizational unit registers the results of the academic performance assessment and the completion of the course of the relevant subject concerned.
Section 129/B.
[Recognition of volunteering] Students may also participate in voluntary activities instead of completing elective subjects, which are recognised by the University with credit.
The number of credits recognised as per (1) may not exceed five percent of the total credits required for the award of the degree in the relevant programme.
The recognition will take the form of a subject specially designated for this purpose.
Credit recognition shall be due only for volunteering activities that were performed and documented in line with the provisions of Act LXXXVIII of 2005 on voluntary activities in the public interest; and were performed within the same student status for the same programme for which the credit recognition is requested.
Volunteering is recognised with one credit for thirty hours of activity.
The activity not recognised in one procedure (less than thirty hours) shall be recognised in another procedure, aggregated with other activities, subject to paragraph (4).
The recognition of volunteering shall be subject to the provisions of Section 128 and Section 129 with the proviso that recognised volunteering activities may not be subject to credit transfer [subsection (7) of Section 129].
Voluntary activity at the University, irrespective of the programme in which the student is enrolled and of the student status for which the student wishes it to be recognised, shall be recognised by the University if the voluntary activity complies with the other provisions of this Section.
Preferential course schedule [Preferential course schedule] Based on a specific student request, the SCF may consent to a preferential course schedule if a student is not able to meet the relevant academic obligations in the manner defined in this Code and the training programme or their abilities allow them to meet such obligations in a different manner.
At a minimum, one of the following criteria must be met to request a preferential course schedule: outstanding academic results and/or participation in talent management programmes, participation in parallel training including international exchange programmes, mobility programmes and other scholarships, demonstration of continuous excellence in studies in combination with outstanding performance of professional activities and/or community activities or public services, active engagement in elite sports at national level, childbirth, childcare and maternity leave, or social and/or health problems.
In the decision on preferential course schedule, the SCF may grant – conditional or unconditional –  exemption from mandatory attendance of specific curricular contact hours or certain types of contact hours, an opportunity to take exams and complex exams beyond the examination period,  permission to fulfil specific interim obligations in a manner or schedule different from the one defined in the subject requirement.
The preferential course schedule may in no way mean exemption  from fulfilling obligations defined in the education and outcome requirements as well as the curriculum,  fulfilling preliminary requirements, completing exams, complex exams (or any part thereof) or writing and defending a bachelor or master thesis.
Special criteria of a preferential course schedule may be defined for each subject which will be included in the relevant decision of the SCF.
[Request for preferential course schedule] Requests for a preferential course schedule will be submitted  in cases defined in points a) to d) of subsection (2) of Section 130. until the end of the registration period at the latest, in cases defined in points e) and f) of subsection (2) of Section 130. after the birth of the child or the start of maternity leave, childcare or the change in social or health status  via SAS addressed to the FSC responsible for the specific programme (training).
Requests for a preferential course schedule will include the relevant training periods (academic terms), the relevant subjects and the relevant benefits.
Requests for a preferential course schedule will include attached in case of a reason defined in point b) of subsection (2) of Section 130 a certificate confirming active student status in a parallel training programme, participation in an exchange, mobility programme if it is unavailable in SAS, in case of a reason defined in point c) of subsection (2) of Section 130 certificate(s) confirming the relevant activity/activities, in case of a reason defined in point d) of subsection (2) of Section 130  a certificate confirming training for the Olympic or Paralympic Games issued by a senior official of the relevant national sports federation, the Hungarian Olympic Committee or the paralympic movement, in case of a reason defined in point e) of subsection (2) of Section 130 a certificate confirming taking maternity leave, being pregnant or the birth certificate and statement of the parent(s) or in case of a reason defined in point f) of subsection (2) of Section 130 certificate(s) on social status or its change and/or doctor’s certificate(s) on health status.
[Assessment on request for preferential course schedule] The FSC will make a decision on requests submitted as specified in subsection (1) of Section 131 within fifteen days.
A preferential course schedule in one procedure is only allowed for a single term.
Requests defined in point a) of subsection (2) of Section 130 may only be approved if a student has at least two completed active terms, has earned at least fifty credits in their last two active terms and the weighted academic average of their last two active terms is at least 4.00.
When criteria defined in subsection (3) are reviewed for a student in a master training programme, the last two completed terms and if required, the last terms of previous studies completed with a diploma may be taken into consideration.
Students will notify the instructors of the relevant subjects and courses of the permit granting them a preferential course schedule and its details within fifteen days and agree in advance on the special method and scheduling of the requirements.
Failure to notify and make agreements with their instructors will invalidate the permit for a preferential course schedule.
Academic honesty, sanctions against academic and exam offences [Rules related to student work] Students will perform work to meet academic requirements including especially individually or jointly completed home assignments, design assignments, projects, engineering works, bachelor and master thesis (collectively ‘student work’) using works of another person exclusively in compliance with copyright laws, pursuant to subsection (1) of Section 134 of this Code.
The definition of student work does not include written or oral exams, laboratory (measurement) reports and mid-term written tests.
The meaning of work of another person under Section 134 of this Code includes all literary, scientific and artistic works not created by the student, student work created by other students or other creations of the intellect regardless of their creator, their format (e.g.
created in Hungarian or in a foreign language, printed or online source, conference presentation), the extent of their public availability (widely available work or a work with limited access), whether the work of another person is protected by effective copyright or other similar laws.
[Rules regarding use of works of another person] The works of another person will be used as follows: if a work of another person is used in whole or in part (e.g.
by copying, citation, translation from another language or presentation), the source and the name of the author will be indicated if this name is included in the source or – in case of orally presented works – may be clearly identified; the work of another person or any part of that will be used – up to a quantity reasonably corresponding to the nature and purpose of the student work – identified as quotations.
Instructors are entitled to review compliance with requirements in this article with computer programmes and databases, within thirty days of the submission of the student work, but no later than the end of the exam period.
The use of works of another person and the acknowledgement of use will be governed by applicable laws and the relevant rules of the specific discipline.
[Violation of the rules regarding the use of works of another person] If a student fails to meet rules regarding use of works of another person in whole or in part, the student work will be considered as not assessable and the student will not be allowed to obtain the credit of the concerned subject in the specific term.
It will be deemed a disciplinary offence if a student – in breach of the rules regarding use of works of another person – submits or presents a work of another person fully or in a significant part verbatim (word for word) or in terms of its basic concepts or the combined version of several works of another person(s) as their own work.
Pursuant to section 52/A(1) of the Higher Education Act, compliance with the rules regarding the use of works of another person may be reviewed up to five years following the issue of the diploma both in the case of bachelor or master theses.
In case of violation of the above rules, Section 52/A of the Act on National Higher Education will be applicable.
[Identity authentication] In academic assessments completed in the instruction and the examination period, instructors will act with the utmost care and provide adequate supervision as well as conduct a subsequent review to ensure the correct fulfilment of academic requirements.
In academic assessments requiring physical presence of students (mid-term written tests, written, practical and oral exams, complex exams, oral tests etc.)
including final examinations, instructors are required to check the identity of students.
In written, practical and oral assessments, students may authenticate their identity with any identity document including a photograph (identity card, driver’s license, passport) or with their student card.
Instructors may record the number of the identity document used on the exercise sheet, test paper or exam sheet.
Students unable to authenticate their identity may not participate in academic assessments.
If required by the instructor, students will place their handwritten signature on the submitted papers.
[Violation of rules regarding the assessment of academic achievements] Students  using any aids in academic assessments other than the ones authorised by the subject requirement and allowed by the instructor responsible for conducting the assessment (books, notes, info-communication devices, electronic data storage and transmission devices etc.)
or requesting or accepting any assistance – other than borrowing authorised aids – from other students;  subsequently changing or attempting to change corrected and assessed tests or assignments received following the publication of the results of written assessments or during the review of tests; or  assisting in the activities defined in a) and b) by transferring non-allowed aids or help.
commit an academic and exam offence and consequently may not receive the credit of the specific subject – may not complete criteria requirement type subjects having no credits – in the given term.
Students acting in place of another person – including identity document abuse – during the review of attendance requirements, completing an academic assessment in place of another person, requesting another person to complete the academic assessment in their place or attempting such acts commit an academic and exam offence.
Collaborating students may not receive the credit of the subject related to such offence in the given term and may not complete criteria requirement type subjects having no credits.
The University will take action against students engaged in acts defined in subsection (2) as specified by relevant laws and regulations.
Instructors may conduct the comparative review of written assessments, reveal unauthorized collaboration or use of non-permitted aids and apply legal sanctions defined in this article (in case of a disciplinary procedure this deadline means the initiation of a disciplinary procedure) within fifteen days from the submission of test papers.
Acts defined in subsections (1) and (2) will be recorded in a report including  time and place of the act,  the identification data of the affected subject, the form of its assessment  the identification data of student(s) engaged in the act (name, student identification number, programme), brief description of the act, reference to physical evidence and their location (if any), the identification data and handwritten signature of at least one witness (name, staff or student identification number, organisational unit or programme), the identification data of the instructor reporting the act (name, instructor’s identification number, organisational unit) and a statement from the students engaged in the act admitting or disputing the act they are accused of and their handwritten signature or the fact that such a statement and/or signature has been denied by the students.
The report describing the act defined in subsections (1) and (2)may exclude items specified in points f) and h) of subsection (5).
The report may be drawn up during the affected written test.
Reports defined in subsections (5) and (6) will be forwarded to the Dean’s Office of the student’s parent faculty.
If a student disputes the act they are accused of, the dean will conduct a procedure to reveal and evaluate relevant facts.
(7a) During the procedure under of subsection (7) the instructor is obliged to prove the act charged against the student; the student shall not be required to prove his/her innocence; and an unproven fact cannot be assessed against the student.
Where the present section excludes the award of the credits of a subject or the possibility to complete a criterion requirement type subject with no credits as a kind of sanction, this collectively means the following: the assessment affected by the offence must be considered as uncompleted and an option for retake, repeat or late completion must be simultaneously excluded; following the offence, students are not allowed to complete other assessments of the specific subject, including any exams or complex exams; submitted but not yet evaluated assessments must be rejected without evaluation.
The provisions of subsection (8) are not applicable to results obtained prior to the academic offence including ‘Signed’ marks and the grades of exams or complex exams.
The adverse legal consequences referred to in subsection (8) may be mitigated indefinitely - in cases deserving special consideration - against any person who voluntarily ceases to act before any unauthorized advantage has accrued from it.
Completion of studies Writing a bachelor thesis and master thesis [General rules of writing of bachelor thesis and master thesis] To obtain a diploma, students are required to write a bachelor or master thesis for subjects holding specific credits defined in the education and outcome requirements and the curriculum.
Students will write an independent bachelor or master thesis for each programme.
The topic of the bachelor or master thesis is required to be within the framework of the education and outcome requirements.
In case of training programmes defined in point a) of subsection (1) and subsection (2) of Section 11. students will write a bachelor thesis while in case of training programmes defined in points b) and c) of subsection (1) of Section 11. students will write a master thesis.
Subjects related to the writing of a bachelor or master thesis are compulsory subjects evaluated with mid-term grades.
The grade for a subject is determined by the supervisor based on a student’s achievement in the term and the subject requirement or the faculty code.
Unless otherwise specified by the faculty code, the completion and submission of a bachelor or master thesis until the end of the term is not required to award a grade other than fail.
The writing process of a bachelor or master thesis is controlled by a supervisor whose work may be supported by engaging a thesis advisor.
The rules regarding the writing of a bachelor or master thesis, requirements concerning the contents and format of a bachelor or master thesis, the detailed regulations related to the rights and responsibilities of the persons engaged are determined – in compliance with the provisions of this Code – by the faculty code.
Subject to the approval of the head of the educational organisational unit, bachelor and master theses may be written in any of the languages defined in subsection (1) of Section 12.
[Assignment specification] Educational organisational units responsible for a programme (training) – specialisations (if any) – will propose potential topics for a bachelor or master thesis for students under their control until the beginning of every term.
Proposed topics shall be published via  the SAS or the information system, website operated by the educational organisational unit in charge of a programme (training) or specialisation.
An assignment specification will be developed for a bachelor or master thesis to be approved by the head of the supervisor’s educational organisational unit.
The faculty in charge of the programme keeps a record of the bachelor and master theses in the SAS.
Such record shall include the following: the name of the student who wrote the thesis, their student identification number, the name of the academic programme, subspecialisation or specialisation, and the level of training; the title of the thesis in the language of the programme and in English; the language of the thesis’ text; the detailed description of the task in the language of the programme; the name of the educational organisational unit assigning the task; the name and lecturer identification number of the supervisor; the name and lecturer identification number of the thesis advisor; the date of submission of the thesis; the date of the successful defence; the name and workplace of the reviewer.
The bachelor or master thesis of a student who has successfully passed the final examination shall be published by the educational organisational unit that issued the task within fifteen days after the final examination in the designated information system of the University, except for the confidential sections thereof [The supervisor] Supervisors are the instructors, researchers, master professors, master instructors, faculty engineers, professor emeritus or the doctoral students of the delegating educational organisational unit, employed full-time or part-time,  as public servants or under a service contract.
If reasonably required, the head of the educational organisational unit – if specifically allowed by the faculty code – may engage an external (expert) supervisor who has no employment relationship with the University.
External (expert) supervisors must work together with a supervisor under subsection (1).
The rights and responsibilities of external (expert) supervisors correspond with those of thesis advisors defined under Section 142. and also include the provisions in points a), c) and d), Section 141 (1) and Section 141 (3).
Unless otherwise specified by the faculty code, only supervisors defined in point a), subsection (1) and subsection (2) may be appointed for assignments of students in master or postgraduate specialist training programmes.
[Responsibilities and rights of supervisors controlling the writing of a bachelor or master thesis] Supervisors will be responsible for the review, professional management and supervision of the elaboration or completion of an assignment, the continuous supervision of students preparing an assignment by conducting checks every second week at a minimum (requiring students to report on their progress), responding to student queries within a reasonable time, determining reasonable deadlines for students to complete the required assignments, the professional revision and the review of the contents and format of student assignments and the evaluation of the completed assignment based on the evaluation criteria defined in the faculty code and proposal for a grade/classification.
Supervisors are required  to be familiar with all university and faculty regulations related to the issues in this chapter, to work with the utmost care, in compliance with the relevant professional rules and to encourage students to do the same and to perform university and faculty quality assurance and any organisational tasks related to the preparation and development of assignments.
Supervisors will be entitled to select from students applying for topics published by a specific supervisor, to evaluate and provide feedback on student assignments, to receive information on the elaboration of an assignment from the student or thesis advisor and in case of disputes occurring during the preparation of an assignment, to refer at first to the head of the educational organisational unit and – if the dispute fails to be settled – to the dean of the faculty controlling the programme (training).
[Thesis advisor] The thesis advisor is primarily an employee of a company or institution outside of the university who provides professional help and advice for the student and checks the student’s thesis.
In case of assignments prepared at the University in whole, staff members of the educational organisational unit announcing the assignment or other educational organisational units may be engaged as thesis advisors or the assignment may be prepared without the involvement of a thesis advisor.
Persons engaged as thesis advisors must have at least a degree of the same level or equivalent qualification as the degree/qualification the student may obtain in their programme.
The thesis advisor ensures regular consultations with the student, guarantees the conditions for completing the assignments at the company or institution, informs the supervisor about the student’s work and progress and can make recommendations for the selection of the reviewer and the evaluation of the student’s work.
[Rights and responsibilities of the student preparing the bachelor and master thesis] Responsibilities of the student preparing the bachelor or master thesis presenting the topic chosen from the options announced by the educational organisational units (EOU) or the student’s own proposed topic to the EOU’s representative of the relevant field or to the supervisor chosen by the student, by the third day of the first week of the term, continuous contact with the supervisor, at least every two weeks, regular contact with the thesis advisor (if any), at least three times, timely completion of the tasks given by the supervisor or the thesis advisor and using the procedures, stipulated by the professional field’s rules and principles to the best of the student’s abilities and care during the completion of the task.
During the completion of the assignment students must  respect the human dignity and inherent rights of all those involved in the assignment and work with the utmost care and attention by complying with the relevant professional rules.
If all or part of the task is carried out outside of the university, the students must also comply with the rules of the external institution or company.
The students have the right to choose from the announced topics and supervisors as far as this is possible, receive the best available professional supervision and consultation, have their human dignity and inherent rights respected, receive their supervisor’s and thesis advisor’s opinions, suggestions and further instructions, regarding the assignment, on time, so that they can respond properly and in case of disputes occurring during the preparation of an assignment, to refer at first to the head of the educational organisational unit and – if the dispute fails to be settled – to the dean of the faculty controlling the programme (training).
[Reviewer and the thesis review report] The bachelor or master thesis prepared by the student and accepted by the supervisor must be checked by a reviewer.
The review criteria, as well as its content and formal requirements will be specified by the faculty’s code.
The reviewer makes a suggestion for the grade of the thesis.
This can also be a ‘fail (1)’.
Reviewers must have the same level of ISCED (International Standard Classification of Education) qualification as the qualification awarded in case the work reviewed by the reviewer is successfully defended, or the same level of qualification based on the Hungarian Qualifications Framework (MKKR) or the European Qualifications Framework (EQF) as the qualification awarded in case the work reviewed by the reviewer is successfully defended.
The faculty code may specify criteria with regard to reviewers which are stricter than those in subsection (2).
Upon consulting the supervisor’s recommendations, reviewers are engaged by the head of educational organisational unit in compliance with the rules regarding conflict of interest in Section 158.
The bachelor or master thesis review report and the supervisor’s evaluation must be made available for the students at least five days before the thesis is defended, so that they can respond to the observations and questions included therein.
The bachelor or master thesis review report must be written in the same language as the programme’s language.
If the bachelor or master thesis is written in a language different from that of the programme, the thesis review report can also be written in the language of the thesis.
Public availability of the bachelor and master thesis [Public availability of the bachelor and master thesis] The university regards it as a primary goal to ensure the public availability of bachelor or master theses in order to realise the programme’s objectives, therefore accessibility may be restricted in exceptional cases only.
An electronic copy of the student's bachelor (master) thesis, including all supplements, certified by the student using the CEAS or REAS, must be stored in the SAS or in an information system directly accessible from the SAS.
The thesis (diploma thesis) shall be publicly accessible for review.
[Restriction of the public availability of bachelor and master thesis] The restriction of the public availability and accessibility of the thesis may be initiated by the supervisor and requested by the head of the competent educational organisational unit by sending a written request to the dean of the faculty in charge of the programme (training) in question.
Such a request must include the detailed explanation why restricted accessibility is sought and the length of the restriction which may not be longer than five years.
Handling with restricted access may only be approved if the bachelor, master thesis includes any of the following: classified information defined in Act CLV of 2009 on the Protection of Classified Information; trade secrets or protected knowledge defined in Section 1 of Act LIV of 2018 on the Protection of Trade Secrets; patentable inventions or patentable biotechnological inventions defined in Act XXXIII of 1995 on the Protection of Inventions by Patents; protectable utility models defined by Act XXXVIII of 1991 on the Protection of Utility Models;  protectable designs defined by Act XLVIII of 2001 on the Protection of Designs; topography defined by Act XXXIX of 1991 on the Protection of Topographies of Microelectronic Semiconductor Products; or indications defined by Act XI of 1997 on the Protection of Trademarks and Geographical Indications.
Companies or institutions intending to be involved in the writing of the thesis must sign an agreement with the University with regard to the confidential handling of the thesis.
The fact and the length of restricted accessibility must be indicated on the thesis, in a clause attached thereto.
In case of theses subject to restricted public availability, in the course of the restriction, only the following persons may have access to the thesis, be present at the defence of the thesis:  chairperson, member or secretary of the Final Examination Board, examiner, supervisor, thesis advisor and reviewer of the thesis, the head of the educational organisational unit announcing the assignment and who agree in writing that they will not disclose any of the information they became aware of, that they will use any and all confidential information obtained in the course of the preparation, processing and evaluation of the thesis only and exclusively for the purposes of the preparation, processing and evaluation of the thesis that they will not publish or provide access to any unauthorised third party to such information; the educational organisational unit or faculty announcing the assignment must provide for the proper storage and restricted accessibility of the thesis.
40/A.
Output requirements for specialist languages Section 146/A [Language credit] The University uses language credits to measure and record specialist language proficiency in accordance with Section 49/A of the Higher Education Act.
One language credit consists of twenty student work hours in which the student has acquired, developed or applied knowledge of a foreign specialist language.
Section 146/B [General rules for the allocation of language credits] Language credits can be awarded at the University for foreign language subjects which develop exclusively competences in a specialist language, and the scope of which is determined by the Centre of Modern Languages; and for a subject specified in the training programme or the recommended curriculum; for specialist language skills obtained informally and non-formally.
At the University, the training programme [Hiba!
A hivatkozási forrás nem található.
], the curriculum [Section 23], the recommended curriculum [Section 24] or the subject description [Section 31] determine the number of language credits for a given subject, as specified in the paragraph.
Language credits may be obtained in any of the forms set out in Paragraph(1) and may be obtained in several foreign languages.
Language credits shall be assigned to each subject as follows: the language credits of the subjects referred to in Paragraph (1) a) are equal to the credit value of the given subject; with regard to the provisions of Paragraph (1)b), the language credit value of the subject in a foreign language is equal to the credit value of the subject; with regard to the provisions of Paragraph (1)b), the language credit value of the subject partially completed in a foreign language is equal to or less than the credit value of the subject; the language credit of subjects for the preparation of a bachelor thesis or a master thesis, worth minimum fifteen credits, is minimum five.
The traineeship specified in the training programme shall be recognised with a language credit for the student in accordance with Section 146/A (2) if the traineeship was carried out in a foreign language environment where the working language was not Hungarian.
The language credit value of a subject completed abroad in a language other than Hungarian is the same as the credit value established by the foreign institution, regardless of whether it has been recognised by the University.
If the subject completed abroad did not have a credit value, the language credit shall be determined in accordance with the provisions of Section 146/A (2).
In the case of Paragraph (1) c), the language credit shall be determined as follows: a scientific students' association (TDK) paper in a foreign language, provided that the author has attended a specialist language preparation course at the Centre of Modern Languages, is equivalent to four language credits; participation in an international student competition, if the professional work in the foreign language is a decisive factor in the competition, is equivalent to five language credits; participation in research, development and innovation activities in international cooperation is equivalent to a minimum of one and a maximum of five language credits, based on the duration of participation, the quantity and quality of the work carried out, as decided by the supervisor.
The professional supervision of the credit allocation according to paragraph (6) is carried out by the FCTC.
Section 146/C [Specific rules for the allocation of language credits] Language credits shall be assigned to the certified language competences as follows: ten language credits for C1 (advanced level) written or oral language exam (formerly A or B); six language credits for B2 (intermediate level) written or oral language exam (formerly A or B); five language credits for an advanced level secondary school leaving exam taken in a foreign language, if it is not considered as the equivalent of a language exam and its pass rate is at least fifty percent; three language credits for an intermediate level secondary school leaving exam taken in a foreign language, if it is not considered as the equivalent of a language exam and its pass rate is at least seventy-five percent; For other non-complex language examinations not specified in Paragraph(1), language credits may be allocated on the basis of the professional opinion of the Centre of Modern Languages, based on the student's application to the FCTC.
Section 146/D [Register of language credits] The language credits earned by the student are recorded in the SAS by the faculty that is responsible for the student's programme.
The faculty supervising the student's studies shall check and verify to the Central Academic Office that the condition pursuant to Sections 146/E (1) and 146/F has been fulfilled.
The Central Academic Office may issue a final leaving certificate once in the possession of such verification.
The verification can also be provided through the criteria condition set in the SAS.
Section 146/E [Language credits required for the leaving certificate] Students shall obtain the following language credits for the leaving certificate: twelve in bachelor programmes; eighteen in master programmes; eighteen in single-cycle programmes.
Language credits are transferable between the various levels of training, and language credits previously earned in another level of training must be recognised in a given programme.
In the case of programmes not completed at the University and concluded with the award of a diploma, the student shall be presumed to have the language credit referred to in paragraph (1).
The FCTC may request a verification for such presumption.
Section 146/F [Exemption from the obligation to obtain language credits] The University shall exempt the student from the obligation to obtain language credits and shall consider the requirement pursuant to Section 146/E (1) as fulfilled if the student has a language proficiency certificate of at least level B2 (complex) according to the Common European Framework of Reference for Languages adopted by the Council of Europe or an equivalent verification of language competence according to Paragraph (2).
A document verifying language competence shall be: a language certificate issued pursuant to Section 1 of Government decree No 137/2008 (V. 16) on the certified examination of foreign language attainment and on the nostrification in the Republic of Hungary of language certificates of foreign language attainment issued abroad (hereinafter: ’Gov.Decree’); a language certificate, obtained in a foreign system, nationalised in the procedure under Section 13 of the Gov.Decree or deemed suitable for nationalisation by the Education Authority  without a separate nationalisation procedure, as determined by the Centre of Modern Languages; a language examination attested by a certificate equivalent to a language examination in accordance with Section 14 of the Gov.Decree;  an official certificate attesting language competence at a level B2 or above in a European Union Member State, in accordance with the rules in force in that State.
The University shall exempt a student from the obligation to obtain language credits and shall consider the requirement pursuant to Section 146/E (1) as fulfilled if the student has a disability as defined in Section 62 (2) - (7) of Government Decree 87/2015, on the basis of Section 49 (8) of the Higher Education Act and Section 62 (1) of Government Decree 87/2015, provided that the student has certified their disability to the Student Equal Opportunities Committee pursuant to Section 63 of Government Decree 87/2015.
The exemption is determined by a decision of the Student Equal Opportunities Committee.
Section 146/G [Application of output competence standards for a specialist language] Subject to the provisions of Section 114/O (1)-(3) of the Higher Education Act, the provisions set out in this title and in Section 147 (1) shall apply to students who started their studies in a bachelor training programme in the 2022/2023 academic year or later; started their studies in a single-cycle programme in the 2022/2023 academic year or later; started their studies in a master training programme in the 2023/2024 academic year or later.
The provisions set out in this title and in SectionSection 147(1) shall not apply to students who started their studies in the 2021/2022 academic year or before, for whom the leaving certificate shall be issued even if they have not fulfilled the specialist language requirements and then, after a successful final examination, the diploma shall be issued even if they have not obtained a language examination certificate.
The provision in paragraph (2) shall apply to students who started their studies in a master training programme in the 2022/2023 academic year or before.
In implementing the provisions of paragraph (2)-(3)  a student (re)admitted or transferred to the same or a different academic programme shall be treated on the basis of the starting academic year of their previous programme; and in the case of several training programmes in the same or a different academic programme, the year of enrolment to the programme which started the earliest should be taken into account.
The leaving certificate [The leaving certificate] ,The University issues a leaving certificate (absolutorium) to all students who have completed the academic and exam requirements defined in the curriculum and the required traineeship, not including the completion of the bachelor or master thesis, have obtained the necessary number of credits as set forth in the training and outcome requirements for degree certificates and met the output specialist language requirements as per Section 146/E (1) and this has been verified by the faculty in charge of the academic programme or the student is exempt from the specialist language requirements pursuant to Section 146/F.
The University may issue a leaving certificate to students who  have obtained at least fifty per cent of the credits required to obtain a degree certificate at the University, in subjects defined in the recommended curriculum of the particular programme (training) or in case of joint trainings organised based on inter-institutional agreements, have obtained at least one-third of the credits required to obtain a degree certificate at the University, in subjects defined in the recommended curriculum of the particular programme (training).
(2a)	The criterion of collecting at least fifty percent of the credits for a particular programme of the University, as per Section (2)a).
joint programmes (international exchange programmes) implemented within European Union, Visegrád Fund programmes and their legacy programmes, and programmes financed by the Central European Exchange Programme for University Studies; for students previously admitted to the same programme; doctoral programme; students granted refugee status, subsidiary or temporary protection If a student has fulfilled the criteria required to receive a leaving certificate, the University issues the leaving certificate within twenty days following the date of such fulfilment with the date of such fulfilment.
Students must be informed of the issue of the leaving certificate, simultaneously with the issue.
Leaving certificates are annexes of the student register.
Leaving certificates must be issued containing the wording defined in a government decree, as a certified document.
Certification is the responsibility of the dean of the faculty in charge of the programme (training).
At the request of the student (former student) who has obtained the leaving certificate, the University will issue a certified copy thereof.
At the request of the student (former student) receiving the leaving certificate, an electronic copy thereof shall be issued, which shall be signed and time-stamped with a qualified electronic signature of the University [Issuing the leaving certificate] Students studying in multiple programmes must receive a leaving certificate separately for each programme.
For the purpose of the issue of the leaving certificate, credits obtained at the University include credits obtained at the University as part of a former student status with the University and credits obtained in other programmes of the University.
The provisions of Section 147 (2)are not applicable to doctoral training programmes.
Final examination [Criteria for taking the final examination] In bachelor, master, single-cycle and postgraduate specialist training programmes, students finish their studies by taking a final examination.
, After obtaining their leaving certificate, students are allowed to take their final examination if the criteria required to issue a leaving certificate prevail three working days prior to the date of the final examination at the latest.
The final examination may be taken in the exam period after the leaving certificate (absolutorium) was obtained both within the framework of the student’s legal status and after its expiry within a period of two years in any given exam period in accordance with valid academic requirements.
After the expiration of the second year following the issue of the leaving certificate (absolutorium) students may take their final examinations if the programme owner approves the bachelor thesis subject as currently relevant after consulting with the head of the EOU organising the final examinations and the person in charge of the specialisation (if any).
If the topic is deemed to be obsolete, the applicant must write a new bachelor thesis.
Final examinations may not be taken after the end of the fifth year following the termination of the student’s legal status.
Students may not take their finals, if they  failed to settle their payment obligations towards the University,  failed to return any equipment owned by the University and previously given to the students for use or failed to submit their bachelor or master thesis by the specified deadline.
[The final examination] The final examination shall serve to verify and evaluate the knowledge, skills and abilities required for obtaining the degree certificate, during the course of which the students shall also attest that they are capable of applying the knowledge acquired.
Students must take separate finals for each programme, unless otherwise stipulated by law.
The final examination will test the students’ synthetised knowledge and will consist of several parts – such as defending the bachelor or master thesis and exams per subject or subject group, as well as final comprehensive examinations – in accordance with the criteria set out in the curriculum.
If the bachelor or master thesis is defended in front of the Final Examination Board, the supervisor, thesis advisor and reviewer may be invited to the final examination and will be awarded consultation rights.
The final examinations will be organised by the educational organisational unit in charge of the student’s specialisation.
If the programme does not have a specialisation, the finals will be organised by the EOU announcing the bachelor or master thesis topic.
Finals may be organised jointly by EOUs, including the EOUs of other institution of higher educations, based on their agreement.
The finals must be held in the language of the programme.
If the languages of the programme and the specialisation are different, the finals must be held in the language of the specialisation.
[Organising the final examination] The faculty in charge of the programme designates a final examinations period in the SAS, for which the students can register.
Only students who registered for the final examinations period may take the final examinations.
The EOUs designate final examination dates within the final examinations period.
Students or former students can register for these final examination dates, announced in the SAS for the final examinations period by using the Study Administration System or students can be registered also by the EOU organising the final examinations.
Students or former students may cancel their registration by no later than 24 hours prior to the start of the final examinations in person or by sending an e-mail to the EOU organising the final examinations.
If the students or former students fail to turn up at the finals, their learning outcomes cannot be evaluated.
This fact must be entered in the minutes of the final examinations.
The reason for the absence from the finals must be verified within eight days of the finals at the EOU in charge.
In case of an unexcused and unverified absence the student will have one less available repeat options for the final examinations.
[The Final Examination Board] Final examinations are taken in front of a Final Examination Board including a chair and at least two members.
A Final Examination Board must be set up to include at least one university professor or associate professor, at least one member who has no employment relationship with the University or is an instructor at another faculty of the University.
The chair of the Final Examination Board  is appointed, on the recommendation of the Dean, by the Faculty Council, and the members are appointed, on the recommendation of the head of the educational organisational unit, by the dean, for a maximum term of three years.
Persons not employed by the University as public servants must accept the appointment in writing.
In addition to the chair and the members, examiners and the secretary will also be involved in the work of the Final Examination Board.
[Rights and responsibilities of persons involved in final examinations] The chair of the Final Examination Board is entitled and required to ensure that final examinations take place in a correct and lawful manner (e.g.
identification of conflict of interest, suspension of final examinations in extraordinary situations), make decisions in disputes in the event of the parity of votes in the Final Examination Board, evaluate the performance of examinees, order a closed session (in case of restricted accessibility or at the student’s request), announce results, define the eligibility for an honours degree and authenticate the minutes of the final examination.
The member of the Final Examination Board is entitled and required to evaluate the performance of examinees and propose a grade to evaluate the performance of examinees.
The examiner, if possible, is the instructor of the subject of the final examination.
Persons not employed by the University as public servants may also be engaged as examiners.
Examiners are entitled and required to evaluate the performance of examinees and propose a grade to evaluate the performance of examinees.
A staff member of the faculty organising the final examination, employed as public servant or a doctoral student may act as the secretary of the Final Examination Board.
The responsibilities of the secretary may also be performed by the chair, member or examiner of the Final Examination Board.
The secretary of the Final Examination Board is responsible for the provision of any required resources and supplies for the final examination and taking the minutes as well as performing any other tasks related to taking the minutes, specified in university and faculty regulations.
[The execution of final examinations] Minutes, including information defined in a government decree, must be recorded in the SAS on final examinations.
Following the final examination, the minutes must be prepared in a hard copy format and signed by the chair, members and secretary of the Final Examination Board as a form of authentication.
The signed minutes must be forwarded to the examinee’s data processing organisational unit within twenty-four hours following the final examination.
Final examinations may be conducted in a divided or undivided manner.
When divided, the defence component and the exams per for each subject take place at different times and places, however they must be organised within or prior to the final examination period.
A divided final examination may be approved by the dean at the request of the head of the educational organisational unit organising the final examination.
In case of a divided final examination, the defence of the thesis or the exams per each subject or subject group must be conducted in front of an ad hoc board including at least two members while the remaining part of the final examination must be taken in front of the complete Final Examination Board.
At least one member of the ad hoc board must have an appointment as chair or member of a Final Examination Board.
Detailed minutes including the same information as the final examination minutes must be prepared on the (part) exam or defence taken in front of an ad hoc board and must be attached to the final examination minutes.
The ad hoc board is only allowed to make a recommendation on the evaluation of the performance of students; the final grade must be determined by the Final Examination Board.
In case of an undivided final examination, examinees must defend their theses and take the exams for each subject in front of the Final Examination Board on the same day.
Undivided final examinations must be organised in a manner to ensure that all the members of the Final Examination Board and the examiners are able to clearly hear the student’s answers and see everything written down by the student, if that is to be included in the evaluation.
In case of a divided final examination, if the partial examination takes place before obtaining the leaving certificate and the student does not obtain the leaving certificate by the end of the given term, the partial examination is invalid and its results cannot be taken into account during a later final examination.
[Evaluation of learning outcomes at the finals] The parts of the final examinations (defending the thesis, subject exams) are independent from each other, their order can be set freely and the successful pass (grades) or fail of the individual parts do not impact the organisation or result of the other parts.
Any member of the Final Examination Board and any examiner has the right to ask questions from the examinee.
The learning outcomes of the examinee at the finals are evaluated and graded by the finals committee at a closed session.
At the closed session the committee makes a decision on the grade of the thesis, based on the reviewer’s recommendation, the supervisor’s evaluation and the student’s performance in defending the thesis, on the grade or grades of the subject exam or exams, based on the recommendation of the examiner or the ad hoc committee, on the grade of the final examinations and the classification of the degree certificate in accordance with this Code and on the eligibility for an honours degree.
The Final Examination Board takes its decisions by a simple majority voting.
In the event of the parity of votes, the vote of the chairperson shall be decisive.
The results of the final examinations are announced by the chairperson of the Final Examination Board at an open session.
The final examinations are deemed as successful if the examinee has completed each part with a minimum pass grade.
A successful final examination cannot be retaken.
[Result of the final examination] The results of the final examinations (RFE) are calculated as follows: 0.5AGS+0.5T, where AGS is the average of the grades of the subjects of the final examinations and T is the grade given for the bachelor or master thesis.
The final examination is unsuccessful and the RFE is zero if any of the grades given at the final examination is a fail.
[Retaking an unsuccessful final examination] A thesis graded as failed by the finals committee may be repeated once by submitting a new bachelor or master thesis.
If a new bachelor or master thesis is submitted, the earliest time for taking another final examination is the next final examinations period.
The criteria and deadline for preparing and submitting a new bachelor or master thesis will be specified by the dean of the faculty in charge of the programme, based on the opinion of the head of the EOU organising the finals.
If only one of the exams in the final examination subjects was unsuccessful, the examinee only has to sit a retake exam in that subject.
There is an option for a repeated retake exam after an unsuccessful retake exam.
After that there are no other options available for retakes.
Failed first or repeated retake exams in a subject cannot be repeated within fifteen days of the failed exam.
Following a failed repeated retake, the secretary of the finals committee will notify the data controller about the fact that the examinee has used up the available retake options.
The data controller will make a decision and notify the student about the unsuccessful completion of the studies and will also add this decision to the official records in the master data.
Conflict of interest [Conflict of interest] No person is allowed to be involved in the review and evaluation process of bachelor and master theses as well as to act as chair, member, secretary or examiner at a final examination who  may not be expected to provide an unbiased review of the assignment or any part of the final examination or who is a close relative or relative of the student preparing the assignment or taking the final examination [as defined in points 1 and 2 of subsection (1) of Section 8:1 of Act V of 2013 on the Civil Code].
When engaging reviewers and setting up a Final Examination Board, the head of the educational organisational unit must comply with the rules on conflict of interest.
Students must submit a written request including a detailed explanation in order to have the reviewer, chair, member, secretary of the Final Examination Board or the examiners students consider as affected by conflict of interest replaced by another person.
These requests must be submitted to the head of the competent educational organisational unit, or if they are affected, to the Faculty Study Committee in charge of the programme (training).
These requests must be closed with an effective decision within eight days.
Persons appointed as chair, member, secretary of the Final Examination Board or examiner must promptly notify the head of the competent educational organisational unit if a circumstance of conflict of interest occurs in connection with them.
Conflicts of interest must be reported by students within eight days after becoming aware of such information, as defined in subsection (3).
Degree certificate, diploma supplement, student register and register extract [Issuing the degree certificate] Based on a successful final examination the University issues a degree certificate for the student in Hungarian and English, with the contents stipulated by the government decree, within 30 days, starting from the fifth working day at the earliest.The only entity authorised to issue degree certificates is the Central Academic Office.
(1a) The University shall refuse to issue the degree certificate until the student has fulfilled the obligation to present the documents required in the admission procedure.
In the case of foreign-language programmes the degree certificate must be issued in Hungarian and in the language of the programme.
Based on a successful final examination, providing the student met all the criteria for issuing the degree certificate, the data controller will issue a certificate for the issue of the degree certificate, the content of which is stipulated by the government decree.
Degree certificates are signed by the dean or a vice-dean chosen by the dean.
[Degree certificate result] The result of the degree certificate must be rounded up to two decimals, but partial grades should not be rounded up.
The following formulas must be used for the calculation of the degree certificate result: 0.2×AGS+0.3×T+0.3×GPA+0.2×CE if the curriculum also prescribes the completion of comprehensive exam(s) during the studies, 0.2×AGS+0.3×T+0.5×GPA if the curriculum does not prescribe the completion of comprehensive exam(s) during the studies, where CE is the mathematical average of the comprehensive exam grades required for the degree certificate, GPA is the cumulative grade point average for the whole of the study period, while the definitions of AGS and T are applied according to subsection (1) of Section 156.
(2a)  If the training and outcome requirements of the academic programme do not require the completion of a comprehensive examination and a bachelor (master) thesis, the degree certificate result is calculated with the formula 0.5×AGS+0.5×GPA.
If students have taken comprehensive exams in more subjects than necessary for the degree certificate, the average of these comprehensive exam grades must be calculated by using the exams with the best grades.
If the recommended curriculum prescribes the completion of comprehensive exams for the specialisation of the student, the average must be calculated by using the grades of the comprehensive exams of that specialisation.
[Classification of the degree certificate] The classification of the degree certificate must be calculated by using the degree certificate result, rounded up to two decimals, as follows: excellent, if the grade is at least 4.50, good, if the grade is at least 3.50, but less than 4.50 satisfactory, if the grade is at least 2.50, but less than 3.50, pass, if the grade is at least 2.00, but less than 2.50.
The degree certificate is classified as excellent with distinction, if the examinees have an excellent grade in all subjects of the final examination,  their thesis received an excellent grade in the finals, all their comprehensive exam results, required for the degree certificate (if any) were graded excellent and their cumulative grade point average for the whole study period is at least 4.25.
[Diploma supplement] A diploma supplement, specified by the European Commission and the Council of Europe, must also be issued free of charge with the degree certificate in Hungarian, English and in the programme’s language if different from Hungarian and English.
Students eligible for the degree certificate may request a diploma supplement in a language other than those specified in subsection (1) for a fee, which must be issued within sixty days.
The aim of the diploma supplement is to help third, primarily foreign, persons to understand the knowledge and competencies acquired by the training.
The only entity authorised to issue diploma supplements is the Central Academic Office.
[Student register and register extract] A student register includes the compilation of all the data related to the studies of students, recorded in the SAS during the term of the student’s legal status and generated in an electronic format and certified following the termination of the student’s legal status.
The register extract is a certified official document, printed from the SAS, containing the data of the student register, apart from data regarding the leaving certificate, the final examination, the degree certificate, diploma supplement, foreign language requirements, disciplinary actions and compensation claims, the student’s disabilities and accidents.
Students must be allowed access to the data contained in the register extract in a printable format via the SAS.
Students may receive one register extract free of charge for each training in each term, containing the results of the last closed term (term transcript and proof of credit recognition).
Rules regarding demonstrators The activities of demonstrators and the application process [The purpose of demonstrators] Students having an active student’s legal status with the University may be involved in teaching, teaching assistance and supporting activities as demonstrators.
The activities performed by demonstrators are designed  to offer the most apt students more intensive theoretical and practical training in a specific area within their line of education, their programme; to enhance the professional commitment of student demonstrators allowing them to demonstrate above-average quality later in their careers; to allow students to engage in the teaching work in a responsible manner during their studies by working as demonstrators, to acquire the necessary competences and experience in teaching; to provide for the foundation to continue their studies in doctoral (master) training programmes, to promote competences and skills to be able to work as instructors (researchers) at universities; and  to allow student demonstrators to set an example with their excellence for their peers and to assist them in their studies.
Work performed as demonstrators is taken into consideration by the faculties during the admission for master and doctoral training programmes.
[The establishment of a demonstrator’s legal status] A demonstrator’s legal status may only be established through a public application process.
Only students in full-time bachelor, master or single-cycle trainings at the University are allowed to be engaged as demonstrators.
The call for applications must be announced in a manner to ensure that the applications are evaluated and the demonstrator’s legal status is established until the end of the first week of instruction.
The application period must be at least eight days.
A demonstrator’s legal status may be established for one term based on one application, however it may be re-established for an unlimited number of times in case of any additional successful applications.
Calls for applications for demonstrators are announced and published by the dean on the faculty’s website.
Eligibility criteria for demonstrators include the following:  applicants must have active student’s legal status in the term for which the demonstrator’s legal status is established; applicants must have a degree obtained in a bachelor or single-cycle training programme; in absence of a degree obtained in a bachelor or single-cycle training programme, applicants must have at least twenty-five obtained credits per each closed active term and a cumulative weighted grade point average exceeding 3.50; and  applicants must not be subject to any disciplinary sanctions.
The maximum number of persons with a demonstrator’s legal status is determined by the dean with the restriction that the number of persons with a demonstrator’s legal status in each term may not exceed five per cent of the students taught by the faculty in full-time daytime training programmes, including the students of other faculties as well.
[The evaluation of applications for a demonstrator’s legal status] Applications for a demonstrator’s legal status must contain the components defined in the call for applications.
Applications for a demonstrator’s legal status submitted to the educational organisational unit are ranked and forwarded to the dean by the head of the organisational unit.
Decisions on the establishment of a demonstrator’s legal status are made by the dean, based on the recommendation of a committee appointed by the dean.
The rights and responsibilities of demonstrators [The performance of demonstrator activities] Demonstrators are primarily involved in teaching and teaching assistance activities while also carrying out other professional tasks in the second place.
The work and all the teaching tasks of demonstrators are controlled and monitored by the head of the educational organisational unit or the instructor appointed by them.
Under the supervision of the appointed instructor, demonstrators are allowed to conduct practical classes, laboratory practical classes, consultations, perform practical preparatory work, contribute to the development of teaching aids and be involved in the evaluation of the academic performance of students.
[The evaluation of demonstrator activities] Demonstrator activities are successful if evaluated as such by the head of the competent educational organisational unit.
The head of the educational organisational unit informs the dean on the evaluation under subsection (1) within fifteen days following the end of the term.
Successful demonstrator engagements must be recorded in the SAS, in the student register and the diploma supplement.
Data related to demonstrator activities (date of the establishment of legal status, successful completion, unsuccessful completion) are recorded in the SAS by the student’s data controller, initiated by the competent faculty.
[The termination of a demonstrator’s legal status] If demonstrators neglect their studies and their responsibilities as demonstrators, fail to meet such responsibilities or demonstrate behaviour inappropriate for university students, the dean may terminate their demonstrator’s legal status, based on the recommendation of the head of the competent educational organisational unit.
Demonstrators are allowed to terminate their demonstrator’s legal status pursuant to the provisions of the relevant agreement.
Remuneration of demonstrators [Demonstrator’s agreement] The University signs an agreement with demonstrators.
This agreement includes the responsibilities of demonstrators, the benefits received in return for the performance of such responsibilities, the name of the instructor supervising the demonstrator, the provisions regarding the termination of the agreement and the benefits, with regard to the stipulations under Section 169.
The engagement of demonstrators based on an agreement is subject to the provisions of applicable laws and regulations.
Demonstrator activities are subject to the payment of compensation.
Doctoral programmes General rules of doctoral programmes [Common rules of doctoral programmes] For doctoral programmes started after 31 August 2016 the provisions of this Code shall be applied with the modifications included in this Chapter.
For doctoral programmes started before 1 September 2016 the provisions of this Code shall be applied with the modifications included in Section 239.
Doctoral programmes may be run only within one of the University’s doctoral schools.
Doctoral schools are set up by faculties.
In case of multi-faculty doctoral programmes, the faculty in charge of the programme shall be selected.
The professional supervision and management of the academic processes of doctoral programmes shall be the responsibility of the Doctoral School Council, while the regularity of organisational and registration processes shall be overseen by the dean.
[Doctoral programmes] The aim of a doctoral programme is to prepare students for their doctoral degrees, scientific and research activities, and to provide further scientific training.
The student status, rights and responsibilities of people [doctoral students] participating in doctoral programmes shall be subject to the provisions of this Code, with the modifications included in this chapter.
The University’s Code of Doctoral Studies and Habilitation may set additional rules regarding the student status, rights and responsibilities of those participating in doctoral programmes.
Doctoral programmes at the University shall be organised exclusively in full-time, within the framework of Doctoral Schools.
The parent faculty of the doctoral students shall be the faculty with the Doctoral School of their studies.
[Doctoral Study Committee] Any matter, regarding the studies or exams of doctoral students, which is not referred to the competence of the Doctoral School Council by law or the University’s code, shall be dealt with by the Doctoral Study Committee.
Doctoral Study Committees shall be established by faculties, so that each faculty may have only one Doctoral Study Committee.
The Doctoral Study Committee shall have at least four members and half of its members shall be doctoral students.
Lecturer members of the Doctoral Study Committee shall be appointed by the Dean on the recommendation of the Doctoral School Council, while doctoral students are delegated by the Doctoral Student Union from doctoral students with an active student status.
If a faculty has more than one Doctoral Schools, all of them have the right to delegate.
Lecturer members may be appointed for a maximum of three years, while doctoral student members for a maximum of one year.
Mandates may be repeated.
Lecturer members of the Doctoral Study Committee shall elect a chairperson from among themselves.
The operation of the Doctoral Study Committee shall be subject to the stipulations relating to the FSC when applicable.
[Duration and phases of the doctoral programme] The duration of the organised doctoral programme shall be 8 terms in the case of student statuses established after 31 August 2016 and 6 terms in the case of student statuses established before 1 September 2016.
In the case of student statuses established after 31 August 2016 the programme consists of 4 terms for training and research and an additional 4 terms for research and the dissertation.
The research and dissertation phase may be started when the doctoral student has successfully passed the complex exam stipulated by law.
There is no transfer option between the doctoral programmes with different durations, specified in subsection (1).
Admission and enrolment [Admission process] The rules of the admission process for doctoral programmes shall be set by the University’s Code of Doctoral Studies and Habilitation.
[Student status in the doctoral programme] Students participating in doctoral programmes shall have a student status at the University.
The length and deadlines of the enrolment period and the registration of the student status for the doctoral programme shall be specified by the Doctoral School in accordance with the provisions of Title 17 of this Code.
Students who have been preparing for obtaining their doctoral degree individually may also join the doctoral programme, providing that they met the admission and the programme criteria.
In such cases the student status shall be established by registering for and passing the complex exam.
Prior to 1 September 2018, students who have been preparing individually may be admitted to self-financed status only.
The enrolment may not be postponed at the student’s request.
Student statuses for doctoral programmes may not be established after the end of the enrolment period specified in subsections (2) and (3).
[Frameworks of the doctoral programmes] The enrolment shall be based on the student’s individual work schedule for every term, which shall be compiled according to the instructions of the Doctoral School.
In the first active term, students shall submit their work schedule in consultation with their supervisors by the end of the third week of the term.
In subsequent terms works schedules shall be submitted to the Dean’s Office by the end of the registration period.
If a student fails to submit the work schedule by the deadline specified in subsection (1), they may remedy this by handing it in by the end of the fifth week of the term.
Late submissions shall be subject to a fee set by the relevant rules of the University.
If the work schedule is not submitted by this deadline for reasons attributable to the student, the term in question shall be classified as a passive term.
Research and publication activities are subjects that are part of the doctoral programme, for which mid-term grades are given.
The subject administrator for these shall be the supervisor.
Mid-term grades are given by the supervisor.
Guided tutoring may also be part of the training programme, where students work under the guidance of a designated lecturer to improve their presentation and communication skills by teaching in the form of contact hours, where they use a preliminarily prepared and well documented training material.
Following consultation between the student, their supervisor or thesis advisor (in the case of an external supervisor), the subject is selected by the supervisor or by the head of the organisational unit (in the case of an external supervisor), and the performance is evaluated by the head of the organisational unit at the recommendation of the appointed lecturer.
A maximum of 30 credits in total may be earned for tutoring during the doctoral programme.
As specified by the curriculum of the Doctoral School, a total of 240 credits shall be collected in the doctoral programme.
The curriculum shall be published by the Doctoral School on its own website or on the website of the faculty in charge of the programme, as well as the website of the Hungarian Doctoral Council.
In one term up to forty-five credits may be earned in the training and research phase and up to sixty in the research and dissertation phase.
Recognised credits are not included in this.
The time spent on writing the doctoral thesis during the programme may be recognised as scientific research with a maximum of 30 credits based on the decision of the supervisor, who shall also grade this activity.
A student may also be enrolled in a doctoral programme by taking part in a preparatory course as part of the doctoral programme in parallel with the final academic year of their studies in a master programme, provided that they also fulfil the requirements for admission after obtaining the master's degree.
At the time of the admission decision, the credits completed in the master programme and forming part of the doctoral programme shall be recognised pursuant to the University’s Code of Doctoral Studies and Habilitation.
Rights, responsibilities and remuneration of doctoral students [Rights and responsibilities] Doctoral students shall be invested with the rights and responsibilities, due to students by law and by this Code.
Doctoral students performing teaching and tutoring activities shall be invested with the same rights and responsibilities as lecturers by law and by this Code.
[Remuneration of doctoral students] Any teaching or research activities carried out by doctoral students in excess of the amount which may be required pursuant to Section 44(5) of the Higher Education Act and set in the curriculum of the doctoral programme are subject to conclusion of a contract.
The contract, specified in subsection (1) shall set the remuneration based on the effective legislation.
Organising the studies of doctoral students [Registration for subjects and courses in the doctoral programme] Based on the decision of the Doctoral Study Committee, the registration period for doctoral programmes may be one week longer than the registration period in bachelor, master and single-cycle programmes.
Remedial subjects or remedial courses may not be announced in doctoral programmes.
For courses in subjects announced in the doctoral programme, timetable slots are required only if at least 5 students have registered for them.
In the case of courses without timetable slots, contact lessons are held at a time agreed by the lecturer and the doctoral student.
Doctoral students may register for subjects prescribed by the curriculum of the Doctoral School without separate authorisation.
When requested by the student, on the recommendation of the Doctoral School Council, the Doctoral Study Committee may authorise registration for subjects from other academic programmes (trainings), not specified in the curriculum.
Assessment of the academic performance [Assessment of academic performance of doctoral students] The provisions of this Code shall apply with the following modifications for the assessment of the doctoral student’s academic performance: attendance requirements may be set only for subjects or courses, for which a timetable slot was selected, the training programme of the doctoral programme may not contain criteria requirements without credit value, exams may be only those specified in points a) or b) of Section 115 (2) passed or failed exams may be retaken once per exam period, doctoral students do not have the option of re-registering for a subject to improve their grade.
Doctoral students may take a deferred exam within 8 days after the exam period.
Complex exam [Complex exam] A successful complex exam is required for the conclusion of the training and research phase and for admission to the research and dissertation phase.
Complex exams are oral exams, consisting of parts specified by subsection (3)–(5) of Section 14/B.
of the Code of Doctoral Studies and Habilitation.
[Procedure of complex exam] Doctoral students shall take a complex exam by the end of the fourth active term, calculated from the time of enrolment.
Subject to the provisions of Section 177 (8), the complex exam may be taken at the earliest at the end of the second, and at the latest at the end of the fourth active term following the start of the doctoral studies.
Complex exams shall be organised in the exam period in a way that doctoral students are able to meet their other exam requirements before taking the complex exam.
The detailed criteria for complex exams shall be published on the website of the Doctoral School at least 6 months before announcing the complex exam.
These criteria may not be modified after publication.
Complex exams shall be published in the SAS and doctoral students are required to apply for them.
Complex exams are taken in front of an exam board of minimum 3 people.
Members of the exam board are selected by the competent Habilitation Committee and Doctoral Council, which may decide to transfer this right to the Doctoral School Council.
Minutes shall be taken of the complex exam, which shall include the examinee’s identification data (name, student identification number, place and date of birth), the names of the parts of the complex exam the date and time of the complex exam, the identification data (name, lecturer identification number, if any) of members of the board of examiners grades of the exam sections, final grade of the complex exam, the qualified electronic signature of the members of the exam board, or in the absence thereof a digital signature, or in the absence thereof an autograph signature.
the autograph signature of the examinee, if the exam was taken by attending in person.
Part of the complex exam, specified in Section 14/B(4) of the Code of Doctoral Studies and Habilitation, when failed, may be repeated once per exam period.
The complex exam is not part of the doctoral degree procedure and its result may not be taken into consideration when deciding on the qualification of the doctoral degree.
Rules regarding the research and dissertation phase  [Research and dissertation phase] Doctoral students successfully passing their complex exam may proceed to the research and dissertation phase of their doctoral programme.
In the research and dissertation phase doctoral students earn credits for their research activities, may earn credits for their teaching activities and write their doctoral thesis.
In the research and dissertation phase doctoral students may perform teaching and lecturing tasks.
Suspending and terminating the student status [Suspending the student status] In the training and research phase the suspension of the student status shall be subject to the provisions of Title 18 of this Code, as appropriate.
In the research and dissertation phase the maximum period for suspending the student status is 2 terms.
[Termination of the student status] The student status of the doctoral student shall be terminated upon completing the doctoral studies, by obtaining the leaving certificate (absolutorium), on the last day of the term; if the student fails to collect at least 15 credits in the active term; if the student fails to collect at least 120 credits in the training and research phase by the end of the fourth active term, calculated from enrolment; if the student fails to pass the complex exam by the end of the fourth active term, calculated from the time of enrolment, or on the day of the failed exam;  at the student’s notice; if the student is transferred to another doctoral school; if the student fails to comply with the registration obligation; if the student exceeds the maximum number of passive terms permitted; if the student has an overdue payment obligation; if the criteria for establishing a student status no longer apply; as a consequence of a disciplinary offence; by the end of the eighth active term of the doctoral programme for which the student registered; or upon the death of the doctoral student.
The student's data controller notifies the student of the termination of student status in the SAS with the exception of point 14 of subsection (1).
If the student status of the doctoral student terminates or is terminated, the provisions of Title 19 shall apply, as appropriate.
Doctoral students may appeal against the decision on the termination of the student status in accordance with the provisions of Chapter IX by submitting their Appeals to the Doctoral Study Committee.
The decision of the Doctoral Study Committee shall be subject to legal remedy.
Postgraduate specialist training programmes Special rules on admission and student status [Common rules of postgraduate specialist training programmes] For postgraduate specialist training programmes the provisions of this Code shall be applied with the modifications included in this Chapter.
The unit in charge of the postgraduate specialist training programme shall be one of the faculties of the University or one of the educational organisational units of the faculty, based on the decision of the Faculty Council.
The educational organisational unit shall perform this activity under the direct supervision of the vice-dean.
,The training and academic processes of the postgraduate specialist training programmes shall be supervised and managed by the person responsible for the programme.
[Admission to the postgraduate specialist training programme] The admission criteria of the postgraduate specialist training programme shall be set by the training and outcome requirements of the programme.
Postgraduate specialist training programmes shall be announced within the admission process of the academic year starting with the usual autumn term or the academic year starting with the winter term, on the felvi.hu website and on the website of the faculty in charge of the academic programme.
Only programmes, included in the registry of the Education Authority, may be announced.
Applications for postgraduate specialist training programmes may be submitted only via the IT system operated by the Central Academic Office.
The method of ranking applicants and the rules of calculating the admission points shall be set by the Faculty Council of the faculty in charge of the academic programme, which also publishes this information on the faculty’s website 6 months before announcing the application process.
Decisions on successful admissions or the rejection of applications shall be sent to the applicants by post by the Dean’s Office of the faculty in charge of the academic programme or the educational organisational unit responsible for the programme.
Applicants may appeal against rejected applications of the first instance by sending their request for legal remedy to the FSC in charge of the academic programme, in accordance with the provisions of Chapter IX The decision of the FSC is subject to legal remedy.
The vice-rector for education may allow to modify the deadline specified in Section 56 (7) b), if the new deadline is within the law and does not prevent the University from performing its legally prescribed data provision obligations.
Special rules for the organisation of academic work and the assessment of academic performance [Procedure of announcement of subjects and courses at postgraduate specialist training programmes] The detailed schedule of the academic year for postgraduate specialist training programmes shall be issued by the decision of the dean of the faculty in charge of the academic programme.
In postgraduate specialist training programmes  remedial subjects or courses, advanced level or talent management subjects or courses may not be announced.
The announcement of subjects in postgraduate specialist training programmes is mandatory only in the term indicated in the recommended curriculum.
When announcing further courses, the number of students with active status in the programme shall be taken into consideration instead of the provisions of Section 94.
(3).
[Special rules of organization of postgraduate specialist training programmes] The preparation of the assessment plan, as per Section 112 is not mandatory.
A one-time, combined late or retake option shall be provided outside of the study period for the evaluation of the academic performance of the study period.
In addition to the provisions of Section 112(4), the evaluation of the academic performance may be scheduled on a rest day (Saturday) also.
The provisions of Title 33 on the number of exams (complex exams) and the number of exam slots to be announced shall not be mandatory, except for the provision of Section 117(1).
Suspending and terminating the student status [Suspending the student status] The suspension of the student status shall be subject to the provisions of Title 18 of this Code, as appropriate.
The cumulative period for the suspension of the student status shall be maximum three terms.
[Termination of the student status] The student status of students in postgraduate specialist training programmes shall be terminated upon completing their studies, by obtaining the leaving certificate (absolutorium), if the student fails to obtain the leaving certificate upon the expiry of twice the programme duration specified in the training and outcome requirement calculated from the start of the studies in the particular programme, at the student’s notice; if the student fails to comply with the registration obligation, if the student exceeds the maximum number of passive terms permitted, if the student has an overdue payment obligation, if the criteria for establishing a student status no longer apply, as a consequence of a disciplinary offence or upon the death of the doctoral student.
The student's data controller notifies the student of the termination of student status in the SAS with the exception of point i) subsection (1).
If the student status of the students in postgraduate specialist training programmes terminates or is terminated, the provisions of Title 19 shall apply, as appropriate.
Students may appeal against the decision on the termination of the student status of the first instance in accordance with the provisions of CHAPTER IX Appeals are submitted to the FSC in charge of the academic programme.
The decision of the FSC is subject to legal remedy.
Study and exam related procedures of the first instance General rules of procedure [General procedure rules of study and exam matters] Study and exam related matters include all matters related to the student’s studies and the student’s legal status, specified in the training programme and this Code and rights and responsibilities, not including in particular, matters related to payments by and to students, their disciplinary actions and compensation claims, work safety and protection, collective rights and other services provided for the students (library, career guidance, independent student activities).
Applications are statements made by students (applicants) which request a procedure to be conducted or a decision made by an acting person or body to have their rights or interests assumed as rightful enforced.
In case of matters listed in subsection (1), students or groups of students may request the Faculty Study Committee, via the Faculty Students’ Union, to investigate matters and to issue a formal opinion.
In case of matters which may not be directly linked to one faculty or concern multiple faculties, the University Students’ Union may request a formal opinion from the University Study Committee.
In case of matters listed in subsection (1),the instructor may request the Faculty Study Committee, via the head or the coordinator of academic matters of the educational organisational unit, to investigate matters and to issue a formal opinion.
In case of matters which may not be directly linked to one faculty or concern multiple faculties, the Faculty Study Committee may request a formal opinion from the University Study Committee.
Applications must be reviewed based on their content even if it does not match the designation used by the applicant.
[Launching the procedure and submitting the application] Procedures regarding students can be launched ex officio or by the student.
Procedures launched based on a request may be subject to the payment of a fee in advance, specified in other regulations.
Procedures launched ex officio are free of charge.
A procedure is launched ex officio when the University is obligated to do so by law or by the University’s regulations, and also when based on a law or this Code the student submits an application to a call by the University for all or some of the students (e.g.
call for applications).
A procedure is launched at the request of the student when based on the law or this Code the student has the right to launch such procedure.
Unless stipulated by law or any university regulations, the obligatory elements regarding the content and format of the application in a procedure launched by the student shall be governed by subsection (7) of this Section.
Applications must be addressed to the competent body or person and submitted in the SAS to the student’s data controller, who will register the application and immediately forward it to the body or person in charge.
If the applicant does not have access to the SAS, the application must be submitted electronically (through email) with electronic authentication (digital authentication).
The content of such an application must comply with subsection (7).
The application must contain data required for the unambiguous identification of the applicant and for communication purposes (name, student identification number, mailing address, email address, telephone number), the name of the application’s recipient, the subject of the application defined in an explicit and clear manner the facts on which the application is based and the evidence on which the facts are based (if any), authorisation if the applicant is represented by another person.
[The principle of good faith, the principle of trust and the use of language] In the course of the procedure, the acting person or body must abide by and must cause others to abide by the provisions of applicable laws and university regulations.
They must exercise their powers with a view to achieving the objectives prescribed in this Code and must exercise the principle of weighing and deliberation in consideration of the criteria specified in legislation and to the extent applicable to the matter on hand.
The acting person or body may not misuse their powers and must exercise their powers in a professional manner in accordance with the principles of efficiency and cooperation with the affected parties in their proceedings.
The acting person or body must act in good faith, within the framework of the law and this Code, bearing in mind the rights and the lawful interests of applicants.
The acting person or body must protect the rights of affected parties they have obtained and exercise in good faith.
In case of foreign students, the procedure must be conducted in the language of the student’s training; in all other cases, the language of the procedure is Hungarian.
[Principle of legality] During the procedure, the principle of equal treatment must be respected.
During the procedure the acting body or person takes into account the facts regarding the case concerned, evaluates all evidence in accordance with its due weight, and establishes its decision on true facts.
During the procedure the parties concerned have the right to fair proceedings and the right to a decision made by a deadline stipulated by law or this Code.
Scope of authority and competence [Competence] At the University the following persons and bodies, specified by this Code, may proceed in student affairs of the first instance: the dean, the vice dean, the organisation of the student’s data controller, the Study Committee of the Faculty, the Credit Transfer Committee of the University and the Credit Transfer Committee of the Faculty.
In cases that belong to the scope of both the Study Committee of the Faculty and the Credit Transfer Committee of the Faculty, the Study Committee of the Faculty shall make the decision first, followed by the Credit Transfer Committee of the Faculty.
The composition of the bodies, specified in subsection (1) shall be regulated by the University’s Organisational and Operational Rules, this Code and other regulations.
Cases within the sphere of authority of the acting body or person may not be diverted from such acting body or person.
[Competence] Unless stipulated otherwise by law or the university’s regulations, the competent body (person) shall be the body (person) belonging to the faculty in charge of the student’s programme.
If the student takes part in training at more than one faculty, the parent faculty shall have competence to proceed in the case, irrespective of which programme (training) was used to lodge the request.
If the case concerns more than one faculty, during the decision-making process the body with decision-making authorisation and competence shall request the opinion of the body or person generally authorised and competent in such cases at the other faculty.
[Determining the scope of authority and competence] The body (person) acting in an academic matter, shall review its scope of authority and competence in all stages of the procedure.
If it ascertains that it has no scope of authority or competence, it shall immediately refer the case to the body (person) with the authority and competence and it shall notify the student via the SAS, or their representative if the student proceeds through a representative, preferably electronically.
If the authorised and competent person (body) cannot be identified or the case should be referred to one that has already confirmed their lack of authority and competence, the designation of the acting body shall be initiated.
[Designation of the acting body] The acting body (person) shall be designated at the request of the body of the first instance or the applicant.
The designation is required in cases specified in subsection (2) of Section 200. of this Code, or whenever the acting body (person) cannot be identified at the start of the procedure.
The acting body shall be designated by the Department of Academic Affairs within three working days after receiving the request to this effect.
This deadline may be extended once by another three working days.
[Deadlines within the procedure] Unless stipulated otherwise by law or by this Code, cases shall be resolved within 15 days from the receipt of the request.
The acting body or person may extend this deadline once by 8 days if deemed justified, of which it shall notify the applicant or their representative, if the student proceeds through a representative, simultaneously.
If the case is decided by an authorised university or faculty body, and the date and time of its meetings are publicly known, the case shall be resolved in the next meeting of this body, providing that the request has been received at least 8 days before the meeting.
Otherwise the case shall be resolved in the first meeting following the next meeting.
In cases where a deadline has been set for submitting the request, the deadline specified in subsection (1) is counted after the deadline for the submission of the request has ended.
If an acting body or person had to be designated, the deadline for resolving the case shall be counted from the receipt of the relevant documents by the designated body.
If the application, submitted by the applicant, is incomplete, the deadline for resolving the case shall be counted from the receipt of the missing information or documents.
[Participation in the procedure] Applicants may participate in the case in person or through their representative.
Applicants may not be entitled to use a representative when their participation in person is prescribed by law or by the University’s regulations.
A representative shall be a person over the age of 18.
A lawyer or a law office may also be appointed as a representative.
If the applicant uses a representative, the documents of the case shall be sent to their representative.
Notices, summoning the applicant to appear in person, shall be sent to the summoned party by also notifying their representative at the same time.
[Authorisation] An authorisation, given to other than lawyers or law offices shall be deemed duly issued, when handwritten and signed by the applicant,  if not handwritten by the applicant, it is signed by two witnesses, verifying that the application has been signed by the applicant in their presence or the signature therein is acknowledged by the applicant as the applicant’s own, or it has been notarised in another private document providing conclusive evidence.
The power of attorney shall also bear the autograph signature of the representative.
The power of attorney shall clearly state the procedural activities for which the representation is authorised.
The representative shall present their power of attorney to the body or person, authorised to resolve the case, during their first contact.
[Contact with the parties] The acting person or body shall contact the applicant and those involved in the case  via the SAS, by post, by electronic means (e.g.
e-mail or other messaging service), in person, including over the telephone.
Contact by the methods specified in points a) and b), subsection (1) shall be deemed written, while contact by the methods described in points c) and d) shall be deemed verbal.
Unless stipulated otherwise by this Code, contact shall be made primarily via the SAS.
Based on the legal stipulations, the University may use another form of contact.
Verbal contact may be used in any case where written contact is not mandatory.
Applicants shall be notified of the decisions in written form only.
[Summons] When interviewing in person is necessary during a procedure, the acting body or person shall summon the interviewee to be present at a specified location, date and time.
Unless indicated otherwise by the circumstances of the case, the summons shall be sent beforehand by allowing a reasonable time for the notification of the summoned party.
The summons shall identify in which case and what capacity the acting person or body wishes to interview the summoned party.
The summoned party shall be warned about the consequences of failure to turn up.
[Calculating deadlines] Unless stipulated otherwise by law or by this Code, the deadlines shall be calculated in calendar days, months (one month as 30 days) or years (one year as 12 months or 365 days).
The starting day of the time limit shall be the day when the event, necessitating the calculation of a deadline, occurred.
The starting day shall not be included in the time limits counted in days.
Where a time limit falls to expire on a Sunday or a public holiday, it shall be extended up to the following working day.
When not regulated by law, this Code, a call for application or the regulations thereof, time limits shall be set by the acting body.
Deadlines may be extended by the specific and relevant provisions of the law or this Code.
During the calculation of deadlines set by this Code, the period between 24 December of the year and 1 January of the next year shall be disregarded.
If this Code fails to prescribe the deadline for concluding any procedural act, the participant of the procedure shall make sure that it concludes the procedural act or makes its decision immediately, but no later than 8 days from receiving the relevant notice.
[Default] The party in default (missing the deadline) may not fulfil the deadline with effect any more, unless it is stipulated otherwise by law of by this Code.
Missing the deadline because of a well-known natural event or other exceptional circumstances shall not be deemed as default.
Applications submitted by post in accordance with this Code shall be deemed as submitted on time if they are posted on the last day of the time limit at the latest.
The party in default shall bear the legal consequences of the default.
[Request to justify default] A request to justify default may be submitted by a party which missed a time limit or deadline through no fault of their own.
The request to justify default shall contain the reason for default and the lack of intent to default, and the missed act shall be completed.
Decisions on a request to justify default shall be made by the body or person, during whose procedure the default occurred.
The request to justify default shall be submitted after learning about the default or successfully removing the obstacle thereof, but no later than the period calculated from the missed deadline or the last day of the time limit, identical in length to the time limit set for the procedural act, which may not exceed 45 days.
In case of a missed deadline, the missed procedural act must be completed simultaneously with submitting the request to justify default, if the circumstances allow.
Request to justify default is not allowed if it is excluded by law or this Code, or in cases where a subsequent deadline, set after a prior request to justify default, has been missed.
If the acting person or body grants the request to justify default, the missed deadline or time limit shall be deemed as met, therefore if necessary, it shall amend or revoke its decision, or repeat certain procedural acts.
[Supplements] If any petition submitted by the applicant or the initiator of the procedure is incomplete, does not contain the information required by law, by this Code or the call for application, or does not contain the data necessary for making a decision on the application, a short deadline of maximum 8 days shall be set to request such information to be supplemented, unless it is excluded in the call for application or the University’s regulations.
The notice for supplements shall specify the missing information and data and the ways in which they can be supplemented.
It shall also contain a warning that failure to fulfil or fulfil in full the supplementation requirements shall result in the petition, request or application being rejected by the acting body or person, or the decision shall be made on the basis of its incomplete content.
Section 210/A.
[Procedure conducted by the data controller regarding the application] If the procedure of first instance was launched at a request, the student’s data controller reviews the request and rejects it without an examination of the merits, when any of the following criteria exists: the criterion, set by law or by this Code, for launching the procedure is missing and this Code does not tie another legal consequence to it, especially when a deadline is set for submitting the request and it has been missed, another application for the assertion of the same right with identical content has already been submitted by the student [duplication], it was not submitted in the prescribed format, or  the applicant fails to meet the requirements regarding the payment of procedural fees.
If the application was rejected pursuant to subsection (1)c) and the applicant resubmits it in the prescribed format within 5 days, the acting person or body shall conduct the procedure with the provision that the application shall be deemed as submitted upon the initial submission, but the administrative deadline shall be calculated from the day after the resubmission.
If the application is resubmitted pursuant to subsection (2)and a deadline or time limit is set by law or by the University’s regulation, the deadline and the time limit shall be deemed as kept in terms of the submission of the application.
If the application is not rejected pursuant to subsection (1), the data controller shall prepare the application to be judged on its merits by those authorised and competent to do so in accordance with this Code or the University’s other regulations.
Section 210/B.
[Termination of the procedure] The procedure shall be terminated by the acting person or body, if the applicant has deceased the circumstances, giving a cause for the procedure no longer apply, or the procedure was launched upon a request, which was withdrawn by the applicant or the procedure cannot be continued ex officio.
[Decision-making] Decision on the applicant’s request or petition shall be made by the acting body without a hearing, at a hearing or at a committee meeting.
If the rules on decision-making are not prescribed by law or a regulation, the case shall be decided without a hearing, but the applicant may be interviewed if necessary or if requested by the applicant.
[First instance decision] The first instance decision shall be issued by the acting person or body, and communicated to the parties in writing.
A simplified decision without information on the legal remedies or justification may be made if the acting person or body grants the request in full, or  if it only sets a deadline for a procedural act.
The decision shall include the name of the acting body or the name of acting person, the name, instructor ID, admission ID (for cases related to admission procedure) of the entitled person or obligor; and permanent address or usual residence of persons without legal student status, the subject of the case, the ruling shall include the decision, information on the option of legal remedy, the date or deadline of performing the obligation and the legal consequences of failing to perform such obligation voluntarily, the amount of the obligation to pay or the refund in connection with the decision, the explanation, the place, date and time of the decision-making and the case number, name and address of the applicant, name, and signature of the issuer.
At the student's request, and ex officio in the cases specified in this Code, the University shall make the decision available to the student in an electronically authenticated document in the SAS.
Special treatment based on equity [Special considerations] In case of circumstances meriting special considerations, the Faculty Study Committee, with regard to the provisions of Section 214., may adopt a decision or resolution which differs from the stipulations of this Code, furthermore it may allow certain curricular requirements to be tailor-made to individual needs.
Requests based on equity may be submitted during the entire period of the student’s legal status, including its suspension.
A student within a given programme – during the entire period of the programme – may use the option of a request based on equity on one occasion.
This request must include the reason(s) meriting the use of the equity option and the document(s) supporting such reasons must be attached to the application.
The option of a request based on equity may be used free of charge.
[Special rules of request based on equity] Students may not use the option of a request based on equity in accordance with Section 213. if their extraordinary situation is the result of their deliberate actions.
No special treatment based on equity may be granted in the following cases:  binding provisions of laws and regulations, in particular the obligation to complete an internship [subsection (3), Section 15 of the Higher Education Act (Higher Education Act)],  failure to establish the legal consequences of registration [subsection (2a), Section 45 of the Higher Education Act],  the rules for study-based reclassification [subsection (2), Section 48 of the Higher Education Act and subsection (9) of Section 61 of Vhr], the requirement for credits to be completed at the institution in order to obtain the degree [Section 49(7) of the Higher Education Act]; the provision on the compulsory issue of the final certificate [subsection (1), Section 50 of the Higher Education Act], the final examination obligation [subsection (2), Section 20 of the Higher Education Act], the provision on the deadline and conditions for completion of the final examination [subsection (3) and (5), Section 50 of the Higher Education Act], the conditions for issuing the diploma [subsection (1), Section 51 of the Higher Education Act], provisions for the compulsory termination of a students’ legal status [subsections (1), (3) of Section 59, payment obligation specified by law [subsections (1)-(2) of Section 82 and subsection (1) of Section 83 of the Higher Education Act], provision for the deadline for the completion of the final examination for former students starting their studies in accordance with Act LXXX of 1993 on Higher Education [subsection (1), Section 112 of the Higher Education Act], applications requesting full or partial exemption from the fulfilment of obligations included in the training and outcome requirements, from the fulfilment of obligations included in the recommended curriculum.
No special treatment based on equity may be granted in the case of applications requesting full or partial exemption from the fulfilment of the following provisions of this Code: adverse legal consequences of failure to complete registration by the required deadline [subsection (1)of Section 57];  the rules of reclassification [Title 20];  adverse legal consequences imposed on persons committing an academic offence [Title 38]; the obligation to write a bachelor or master thesis [subsection (2)of Section 138];  the criteria to fulfil to receive a leaving certificate [subsections (1)-(2) of Section 147];  the criteria for taking the final examination [Section 149]; the obligation to take a final examination [subsections (1)-(3)of Section 150]; the prohibition to retake a successful final examination to improve the grade [subsection (7)of Section 155];  stipulations regarding the retake of an unsuccessful final examination [Section 157];  the prohibition to enrol in a doctoral training programme after the deadline [subsection (4)of Section 176]; and provisions regarding the termination of a doctoral student’s legal status [points 2 to 4 of subsection (1) of Section 186].
Based on equity, FSC may decide to exempt the applicant in at most one of the conditions prescribed in points c)-g) of subsection (1)of Section 64.
[Special rules of evaluation of request based on equity] In the case of decisions made on the grounds of equity, the FSC may seek formal opinion from the educational organisational unit, affected based on the subject matter of the case, the instructor or the competent body.
Such formal opinion is to be given in three working days.
Requests based on equity will be reviewed by the FSC in a fast-track procedure within eight days by adopting a decision if no formal opinion is received until the deadline defined in subsection (1).
The student’s data controller informs the affected person(s), educational organisational unit(s) and body/bodies of the ruling section of the decision within two working days.
Decisions on equity matters must be recorded in the SAS and – under an express provision of law – in the student register.
Appeals General rules of redress procedures [The common rules of redress procedures] Redress procedures are subject to the provisions of this Code with the deviations included in the present Chapter.
The decisions of the body or person acting in the first instance may be appealed independently.
A redress procedure is launched upon request or ex officio.
The provisions of this Chapter will apply in every case where the applicant has a right to pursue remedies against a first instance decision or against the failure to observe the obligation to take action.
Redress procedures must be closed within thirty days with a decision.
Redress procedures are free.
Section 216/A.
[Launching a redress procedure] Students may pursue remedies against the decision or measure taken by the University or a failure to take such decision or measure (hereinafter referred to as ‘decision’) within fifteen days of the communication or receipt (being informed of the decision) thereof, with the exception of the evaluation of their academic achievement.
A redress procedure may be also launched against the decision on the evaluation of academic achievement when the decision is not based on the requirements adopted in the recommended curriculum or the subject and course requirements, or when the decision contradicts the University’s codes and regulations.
In addition to persons with a student’s legal status, including a suspended student’s legal status, the right to launch a redress procedure is also granted to persons applying to the University within the admission process; persons submitting an application to the University for a transfer procedure, persons applying to the University for a guest student’s legal status; persons applying to the University for student status for the completion of part of a programme;   former students whose legal status as a student has ceased to exist.
Requests for redress Section 216/B.
[Requests for redress] Unless otherwise specified herein, students may submit a request for redress against the decision of the person or body acting in the first instance within fifteen days after being informed or becoming aware of the decision.
Requests for redress have suspensory effect.
Requests for redress are adjudicated by the person or body acting in the first instance pursuant to subsection (4).
When requests for redress are adjudicated by the Central Academic Office or the educational organisational unit, they must seek a formal opinion from the Faculty Study Committee, in case of students, or the Doctoral Study Committee, in case of doctoral students, within three working days following the submission of the request.
Based on the formal opinion of the Faculty Study Committee or the Doctoral Study Committee, a resolution is issued, pursuant to subsection (3) of Section 212, and forwarded to the person or body authorised to adjudicate the request, within five days following the request seeking a formal opinion.
Contrary to subsection(2), a request for redress have no suspensory effect if the body or person acting at first instance declares the decision immediately enforceable in order to prevent or mitigate the adverse effects of situations endangering human life, health or bodily integrity, or causing serious damages, or serious violation of personal rights.
Section 216/C.
[Submission of requests for redress] A request for redress may be submitted only with respect to the decision contested, for reasons which are factually and directly related and it must be based on any infringement or harm directly resulting from the decision.
A request for redress must reasoned.
In the request for redress only new facts may be introduced, that of which the applicant was unaware during the proceedings of first instance or was unable to rely on such facts for reasons beyond their control.
A request for redress must contain the student’s name, student identification number or identification code in the SAS, the student’s current student’s legal status and contact details (home address, email address, telephone number) and any other contact (if any); the name of the body or person whose decision is intended to be contested by the redress procedure; any information allowing and/or required for the identification of the contested decision and the manner and time of becoming aware of such decision; the infringement caused by the decision by presenting the supporting facts and evidence; a direct request to seek a decision from the body in charge of the redress procedure; and if the student uses a representative, the name, home address or domicile of the representative and the proof of authorisation of representation must be attached.
Persons entitled to submit a request for redress may waive such right within the time frame of redress.
The waiver of the right for redress may not be withdrawn and it shall be governed by the provisions on applications in other respects.
Requests for redress may only be submitted by the students of the University in the SAS.
The recipient of the request for redress must promptly forward it to the person or body acting in the first instance.
Persons not having access to the SAS may submit a request for redress to the person or body acting in the first instance in electronic form (email).
The request shall be authenticated (with digital authentication).
If a request for redress was not submitted via the electronic system operated by the Central Academic Office, the recipient of such request must forward it to the person or body acting in the first instance.
In this case, the date of the original submission must be taken into consideration with respect to compliance with the time frame defined for redress but the time frame available for the procedure starts on the day when the request was transferred.
If the Secretary of the Student Appeal Panel finds that the request for redress is based on equity [substantive assessment, subsection(5) Section 193], the request for redress shall be immediately transferred to the competent body.
Section 216/D.
[The special rules of redress] If, based on the request for redress, the person or body acting in the first instance resolves that the first instance decision is in breach of any laws, institution or faculty regulations, the decision must be modified or withdrawn.
If they agree with the request for redress, the person or body acting in the first instance may withdraw or modify as proposed by the request for redress a decision not in breach of any laws or regulations.
If the person or body acting in the first instance does not withdraw the contested decision or does not modify, revise or amend it consistent with the request for redress, the request for redress must be referred to the body of the second instance with all documents attached following the deadline for redress.
The request for redress is determined by the body acting in the second instance, which reviews the contested decision and the proceedings preceding it.
The body acting in the second instance with respect to redress cases is not bound by the arguments set out in the request for redress.
Applicants may withdraw their requests for redress until the end of the proceedings of the second instance.
Such withdrawal may announced in writing prior to the proceedings of the body of the second instance or orally at the hearing.
If the applicant withdraws their request for redress, the body acting in the second instance cancels the proceedings.
[Correction of decisions] Where a decision contains a typographical error or miscalculation and it has no effect on the case as to merits, the decision maker of the first instance corrects it.
The decision maker of the first instance informs all parties to whom the original decision was delivered concerning the correction.
The corrected part of the decision is subject to the same redress procedure as the original decision.
[Amendment of decisions] Where a decision fails to include any compulsory content element prescribed by law or this Code or it fails to address any matter of substance, the decision maker of the first instance amends its decision.
No amendments to the decision are allowed one year after the decision becoming final.
In case the decision cannot be amended, the ex officio initiated procedure must be terminated, the procedure initiated on the application shall be closed by rejecting the application.
The decision maker of the first instance installs the addendum incorporated in a codified version, by issuing a replacement one, if possible.
The amended part of the decision is subject to the same redress procedure as the original decision.
[Modification, withdrawal of decisions] If the person or body acting in the first instance finds that its decision that has not been judged by proceedings of the second instance is in breach of any laws or institution regulations, it modifies or withdraws the decision in question, on one occasion at most, within one year from the date when it was delivered.
The body or person acting at first instance shall immediately communicate the amended decision or revocation to the person(s) to whom the original decision was communicated.
A decision may not be modified or withdrawn if it compromised any right that was acquired and exercised in good faith.
Appeal procedure [Competence] Decisions on requests for redress in the second instance fall within the competence of the Student Appeal Panel, which has exclusive powers in proceedings of the second instance.
The Student Appeal Panel will not apply the principle of equity.
During the appeal procedure the provisions of this Code pertaining to first instance procedures and decision-making shall apply to fact finding, request to justify default, decision format, content, correction, supplementation, modification or withdrawal of the decision upon request or ex officio, with the modifications included in this Section.
[Competence] The competent body for appeals, including the review of first instance compensation and disciplinary cases, shall be the Student Appeal Panel.
All applications on the failure to comply with the obligation to take actions or make decisions shall fall within the competence of the Student Appeal Panel.
The Student Appeal Panel performs its duties through ad hoc councils.
In redress procedures, which do not fall within the competence of the ad hoc council pursuant to subsection (5), as well as in appeals lodged with the aim to change a disciplinary decision, the competent body shall be the Faculty Appeal Council of the Student Appeal Panel’s parent faculty.
In cases regarding the student’s place in the hall of residence, study scholarship, regular grants based on social needs, exceptional grants based on social needs, national higher education scholarship applications, applications to the University, faculty, Student Union of the University or the faculty, as well as the student’s scholarship, the competent body shall be the Scholarship Council of the Student Appeal Panel.
When the competence cannot be determined clearly, the Department of Academic Affairs shall appoint the ad hoc council deciding on the legal redress.
Where the case is particularly complex or of major academic importance, the head of the Student Appeal Panel may order the General Appeal Council and the Scholarships Council to act jointly.
[Composition of the Student Appeal Panel] The Student Appeal Panel shall have the following members chairperson; secretary; deputy secretary; maximum 3 lecturers per faculty, 7 people employed by the University in a public servant status, 3 of whom are lawyers; and 10 students.
The chairperson of the panel is appointed by the rector, the secretary by the director of the Central Academic Office and the deputy secretary by the Chancellor for a maximum term of three years, which may be repeated several times.
The lecturer members of the Student Appeal Panel are appointed by the dean for a term of maximum three years, which may be repeated several times.
The non-lecturer members of the Student Appeal Panel are appointed by the chancellor for a term of maximum three years, which may be repeated several times.
The student members of the Student Appeal Panel are delegated by the Student Union of the University for a maximum of one year, which may be repeated several times.
Mandates or delegations may be withdrawn by the appointing or delegating party at any time, without explanation.
The member’s mandate shall be terminated upon expiry of the mandate; upon the termination of the public servant or student status; upon recalling the member;  upon resignation; or a member dies.
[Ad hoc council of the Student Appeal Panel] The chairperson and non-student members of the ad hoc council of the Student Appeal Panel shall be appointed by the chair of the Student Appeal Panel, and its student members are appointed by the Student Union of the University.
The General Appeal Council’s  chairperson shall be the lecturer member of the Student Appeal Panel; member shall be the lawyer member of the Student Appeal Panel;   member shall be 2 student members of the Student Appeal Panel and; member shall be one academic staff member of the Student Appeal Panel; The secretary of the Student Appeal Panel shall participate in the General Appeal Council’s procedure as the secretary of the ad hoc council.
The chairperson and member of the General Appeal Council shall be a person, in terms of whom no ground for exclusion applies [Section 57(4) of the Higher Education Act].
The existence of a ground for exclusion with regard to the given redress case shall be reported by the member of the Student Appeal Panel to the Panel’s chairperson.
The Scholarship Council’s  chairperson shall be one non-lecturer member of the Student Appeal Panel; member shall be one lawyer member of the Student Appeal Panel; member shall be one non-student member of the Student Appeal Panel; and member shall be two student members of the Student Appeal Panel.
The member, specified in subsection (5) c) shall be appointed by the chair of the Student Appeal Panel based on the cases referred to the council.
The deputy secretary of the Student Appeal Panel shall participate in the Scholarship Council’s procedure as the secretary of the ad hoc council.
The chairperson and member of the Scholarship Council shall be a person, in terms of whom no ground for exclusion applies [Section 57(4) of the Higher Education Act].
The existence of a ground for exclusion with regard to the given redress case shall be reported by the member of the Student Appeal Panel to the Panel’s chairperson.
Decision on the appeal application is made by the ad hoc council at a hearing.
The ad hoc council shall have a quorum, if all its members are present.
[Rejection of an appeal] Appeals shall be rejected by the Chairperson of the Student Appeal Panel if they have been submitted by other than the person authorised to do so by this Code; the applicant disputes the legality of a decision, which in that particular case is excluded by law; the applicant already has an ongoing appeal case for examining the legality of the same decision; the Student Appeal Panel has already issued a final decision on the legality of the disputed decision, based on the same legal ground; the applicant misses the deadline for appeal and does not submit a request to justify default or such request is rejected by the Chairperson of the Student Appeal Panel, or  the applicant failed to identify the grievance, caused by the decision, within the deadline for appeal; or a person having no access to the SAS submitted the request electronically without digital authentication.
The contents of subsection (1) shall be considered by the Student Appeal Panel ex officio during the entire procedure.
The Chairperson of the Student Appeal Panel shall inform the applicant about its decision to reject the appeal, and shall notify the body or person making the appealed decision thereof.
The decision on rejecting an appeal is not subject to further remedy.
[Preparation for the procedure of the ad hoc council] The Secretary of the ad hoc council shall summarize the requests received fifteen days before the dates of meetings set out in (2), and sends them to body or person defined by subsection (3) of Section 216/B.
The Chairperson of the Student Appeal Panel shall determine the half-yearly meeting plan of the ad hoc councils, and shall publish it on the web site of the Central Academic Office fifteen days before the start of the term.
The composition of the ad hoc councils shall be determined such that besides a chair and members, vice-chair and alternates shall be also appointed for the case the chair or members are hindered.
The chair or a member of the ad hoc council reports his absence to the Secretary of the Student Appeal Panel.
If the ad hoc council does not have a quorum, the ad hoc council concerned by the request assess the request in an extraordinary meeting within eight days.
The secretary of the ad hoc council shall  provide access for ad hoc council members in the SAS to appeals submitted via the SAS; provide access for ad hoc council members in the electronic system run by the Central Academic Office to appeals not submitted via the SAS  together with the entire documentation of the first instance procedure.
[Procedure of the ad hoc council] The ad hoc council meets on the second and last Wednesdays of every month, except for December and August.
The ad hoc council meets on the second Wednesday of December and on the first Wednesday of August.
If the number of cases requires, the Chairperson of the Student Appeal Panel may appoint further meetings.
In the meetings, decisions may be made on appeals, which have been received by the Student Appeal Panel by the date and time specified in Section 225 (1).
Decisions may be made even if the applicant or their representative is absent in spite of receiving a duly sent summons or a person with consultation rights, invited to the meeting, is absent.
During its decision-making the ad hoc council shall consider the content of the appeal request and the attached documents; the contents of the explanation of the first instance decision and the decision made during the first instance review of the decision; the applicant’s position communicated verbally or in written form; the relevant laws and Code regulations; the opinion of the head or representative of the organisational unit involved in the appeal; and all facts or data available for making a decision on the appeal.
If there are no sufficient data for making the decision of the second instance or a new fact has arisen after the first instance decision had been made, or a further clarification of the facts is required, the ad hoc council shall conduct the additional evidentiary procedure itself, based on which it shall make its decision.
The ad hoc council shall make its decision by a simple majority.
Ad hoc council members may not abstain from voting during the decision-making.
[Limitations to the decision-making powers of the ad hoc council] Unless stipulated otherwise by law or by this Code, the ad hoc council shall examine the legality of the decision, based on the facts available at the time of making such decision.
The ad hoc council shall consider ex officio reasons to consider the disputed decision null and void [Section 66 of Act CL of 2016 on General Public Administration Procedures], reasons for any other invalidity stipulated by law or by this Code, or any significant formal deficiencies, which would make the decision non-existent; whether the decision was based on a law or regulation which should have been non-applicable; and other facts or circumstances specified by law or by this Code.
In terms of the legality of decisions made using discretionary powers, the ad hoc council shall also examine whether the acting body or person applied its discretionary powers within its scope of authority and whether the aspects and rationality of using discretionary powers can be ascertained from the decision.
During its decision-making, the ad hoc council shall not be bound by a decision of another acting body or person, or a disciplinary decision, or the facts stated therein.
[Appeal decision] The ad hoc committee of the Student Appeal Panel may adopt the following appeal decisions: dismiss the appeal; order a decision to be made by the body or person that failed to make the decision; amend a decision; or annul a decision and order the decision maker to conduct a new procedure.
Appeal decisions become final and enforceable upon their communication, unless the student requested the judicial review of the decision, submitted a request to suspend the enforcement of the decision in their complaint, which was subsequently approved by the court.
If the first instance decision is declared null and void, the body or person making the first instance decision in the repeat procedure is bound by the ruling and explanation of the ad hoc council’s decision.
The ad hoc council shall make a decision on the merits of a case and its other rulings shall be deemed as orders.
The decisions of the ad hoc council shall be worded by a lawyer member of the council.
The decision of the ad hoc council shall be sent to the student in writing as well as through the SAS.
The decision shall contain the name of the Student Appeal Panel’s ad hoc council, the names and positions of its chair, members and secretary, and the number of the case; the name, permanent address or usual residence of the applicant student, as well as their student ID, the subject of the case, the ruling shall include the decision and the information about the option of appeal in the form of an administrative action; the closing date or deadline of performing the obligation and the legal consequences of failing to perform such obligation voluntarily; the explanation shall include the established facts; reference to the laws and regulations on which the decision was based and explanation as to what degree and why the decision in the ruling is based on these; reference to any evidence submitted by the student and if there was, to what degree it was considered by the decision-maker or why it was dismissed; if the reason for dismissal was the incomplete nature of the application, including the failure to annex evidence, the fact, date and time of the notice requesting supplementation and the fact that the notice was not complied with; in case of a decision by discretionary power, the criteria and facts used for applying such discretionary power; if the reason for dismissal is a missed deadline, this fact, together with the missed deadline and the date and time of the actual submission; the location, date and time of the decision-making, the name and position of the person issuing the decision; in case of paper-based documents, the signature of the issuer; The written document bearing the decision is attested by the signature of the chairperson of the ad hoc council, after which the secretary of the ad hoc council makes sure that it is delivered to the parties concerned by the deadline specified herein.
[Appeal for equity procedures] Decisions on requests based on equity pursuant to Section 213. may be appealed against by the student within fifteen days from the receipt of (being informed about) the decision by requesting to postpone the execution pending appeal.
An appeal may be submitted only if the provisions of this Code on decision-making in equity procedures were violated during the procedure or the assessment of the facts and evidence, submitted with the request, was abnormally unreasonable, contrary to the rules of logic, or they were disregarded.
In any other aspect, appeals in equity procedures shall be subject to the provisions of this chapter.
[Granting an appeal] The ad hoc council of the Student Appeal Panel shall annul the first instance decision and order its decision-maker to launch a new procedure, if the decision-maker did not have any scope of authority or exceeded its competence when making the decision; the decision was made without requesting the opinion, prescribed as mandatory by this Code; the content of the decision was influenced by crime, providing that the commission of the crime has been ascertained by a final verdict or such verdict is not prevented by lack of evidence; or the decision-making body was not duly formed, did not have a quorum or did not have the voting ratio required for decision-making.
If there are no sufficient data for making the decision of the second instance or a new fact has arisen after the first instance decision had been made, or a further clarification of the facts is required, the ad hoc council of the Student Appeal Panel shall conduct an additional evidentiary procedure.
Depending on the result of the additional evidentiary procedure,	 if it is successful, the ad hoc council shall give final judgement in the dispute; in the event of its failure, annul the first instance decision and order the first instance decision-making body to conduct a new procedure.
Section 230/A.
[Amending the first instance decision] The ad hoc council shall amend an unlawful decision, if it is allowed by the nature of the case, the facts are clear and based on the available data a decision can be made on the legal dispute conclusively.
The amendment is not possible in the case of decisions made on the grounds of equity, in the case of decisions, where the grounds of equity have been applied and the decision concerns payments affecting the budget, or if such an option is excluded by law or by the code of the institution.
Section 230/B.
[Amending the amount of a payment due] First instance decisions may be amended also by the ad hoc council by issuing a decision on the calculation of payments due without specifying the amended amount, with the exception of fee-paying or self-financing contributions, or accommodation fees for the halls of residence.
The body of first instance shall calculate the exact amount due immediately after the decision of the ad hoc council is issued, but no later than within 8 days, and it shall notify the ad hoc council and the applicant of this amount.
The applicant may challenge the correctness of the calculation within 8 days.
If it is deemed to be well-founded, the ad hoc council may order the recalculation of the amount due.
The amount due shall be deemed as part of the decision made in the appeal procedure when approved by the ad hoc council.
Otherwise the calculation made by the body of first instance is not subject to appeal.
Section 230/C.
[Annulment] The appealed first instance decision shall be retroactively annulled by the ad hoc council to the date of its announcement if the decision is null and void, invalid due to a reason specified herein or it has a significant formal deficiency, which would make the decision non-existent; the grievance caused by violating the essential regulations of the first instance procedure may not be remedied by an appeal procedure; during the decision-making of the first instance body the assessment of the facts and evidence was abnormally unreasonable, contrary to the rules of logic, or significant facts were disregarded; the body of first instance based its decision exclusively on a law or a code regulation which was inapplicable in the case; or the decision is not subject to amendment.
Section 230/D.
[Rejecting an appeal] The appeal shall be rejected by the ad hoc council, if the application is unfounded; the grievance quoted by the applicant cannot be ascertained; or the procedural offence is such that it has no significant impact on deciding the case on its merits.
Closing provisions Definitions  [Definitions] For the purposes of this Code: Absolutorium: see leaving certificate; 1a.
Data controller: unless otherwise specified by the laws of the European Union or member states, the University, based on the determination of the purposes and the means of the processing of personal data alone or jointly with others; for the purposes of this Code, the person processing the data is also a data controller; 1b.
Data processing: means any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction; Active term: term for which students have declared their intention to start or continue their studies and have not withdrawn such intention within one month from the start of the term, but no later than 14 October in the autumn term and 14 March in the spring term; Bachelor training programme: first part of a multicycle programme, where a bachelor’s degree and professional qualifications can be obtained and entitles the holder to apply for a master training programme; Enrolment: the administrative act of establishing the student’s legal status, during which, following admission or transfer to a programme or permission for a part-time course or module, the admitted student prints, completes and signs the enrolment form downloaded from the Study Administration System (SAS) once during the registration period of the term.
This process requires the direct involvement of the competent data controller organisation and becomes final after the verification of the enrolment form.
Prior to enrolment a contract will be signed by the student when required by law; Master thesis (bachelor thesis): a complex individual task (thesis) which requires the synthesis and creative application of the competences [knowledge, skills, attitude, independence and responsibilities] acquired on the degree programme, prepared at the end of the higher education studies, the content of which is prescribed by the qualification, training and outcome requirements and the mandatory specifications on length, content and format may be stipulated by the individual faculties; Dual training programme: Section 108(1b) of the Higher Education Act: a bachelor programme including extensive practice launched in fields of study such as technology, information technology, agriculture, science and economics, or a bachelor programme in social work, or a master programme pertaining to the aforementioned fields of study, where practical training is delivered, according to the curriculum of the programme (developed in line with the programme and outcome requirements, for full-time studies, containing specific provisions for the academic term, the methods of training, contact hours and the assessment of the acquired knowledge and skills), within the framework set by the Council for Dual Education, at qualified organisations; Individual course schedule: every term students may choose from the available study options, providing it is in accordance with the curriculum and the regulations, that is the criteria specified in the regulations and the curricula, which may differ from the recommended curriculum; Dismissal: termination of the student’s legal status; Quiz: every written form of the evaluation of learning outcomes which is taken in a controlled environment under the supervision of an instructor with a maximum completion time frame of 30 minutes; Lecture: contact lesson where the knowledge is primarily acquired through the instructor’s oral presentation; Prerequisite: completed subject which is specified as a prerequisite for registering another subject or curricular unit.
The subject prerequisite can be compulsory or recommended.
Concatenation of preliminary studies: the set of subjects based on interconnected, direct and indirect prerequisites, studied in multiple terms; in one concatenation, a weak prerequisite (signature obtained) or omission of a term between two consecutive components interrupts the concatenation; Preliminary course schedule: all the subject prerequisites for the subjects in the programme’s recommended curriculum; Preliminary requirements: all the learning outcomes that can be achieved in other subjects and subject groups, required for the acquisition of a particular subject’s learning outcomes.
The preliminary requirement can be compulsory or recommended.
Gradual roll-out: a principle in education, which means that any new or revised academic or exam requirements may only be required to be fulfilled by students who started their studies after the introduction of such requirements or who started their studies before the introduction of such requirements but choose to comply with the new or revised academic and exam requirements at their discretion; Remedial course: a course of a compulsory subject based on the recommended curriculum – allowing the completion of the subject –, available to students who have failed to complete the subject when they previously registered for it.
Remedial courses use specific teaching methodology; Remedial subject: a criterion requirement or optional subject with no credit value or in absence of those, a contact lesson offered as a study opportunity, primarily designed to cancel the gap in competences and skills acquired in the secondary school; Prerequisite subject: a subject to be completed by students admitted to a master training programme if their qualification obtained in a bachelor training programme may not be fully considered with its complete credit value for the specific master training programme; Student’s legal status: legal relationship between the student and the university, established with the enrolment, to which certain rights and obligations are attached; Student’s study contract: subsection (8) Section 108 of the Higher Education Act: contract concluded between the institution of higher education and the student accepted to a fee-paying programme in accordance with Section 39(3) of the Higher Education Act; 20a.
Third party: a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorised to process personal data; Assessment of the student’s knowledge: obligatory evaluation of the learning outcomes of students admitted to a bachelor training programme or a single-cycle training programme, organised in the term of their admission, during which the University tests the competencies acquired in secondary education; 21a.
Repeat completion: a repeated attempt to pass an assessment of academic performance failed previously or to improve the grade of a previously successful assessment of academic performance; Repeated retake exam: exam aimed at improving the results of a successful exam or a retake exam in the same exam period.
A third and any subsequent retake exam in the same subject is considered the same as a repeated retake exam, irrespective of the term it is taken in and will be subject to a fee; 22a.
Retake: a first or repeated attempt to pass an assessment of academic performance which, the student, for reasons attributable to the student, did not start, or started but did not finish, or started but it was unsuccessful as the student failed to fulfil the academic requirements; Retake exam: exam aimed at improving the results of a successful or unsuccessful exam in the same exam period; 23a.
Attendance: the physical presence of students at the place and during a significant portion of the duration of a contact lesson 23b.
In-person education: the form of knowledge transfer and assessment of academic performance that takes place simultaneously, in one place, through the personal appearance of the instructor and the student on the territory of the University or at an external location specified in the timetable.
Derived course: an exclusively practice- or laboratory practice-type course with the goal to reach the learning outcomes of the subject for which it was announced (this course does not have learning outcomes of its own); in terms of content, it is subordinated to the lecture-type course of the subject; Qualifications framework: Section 108(14) of the Higher Education Act: the general features of each level of qualification in the multi-cycle system, applicable to all fields of study; Training and outcome requirements: Section 108(16) of the Higher Education Act: the set of knowledge, proficiency, skills and competences, or learning outcomes, to be acquired for the award of a degree certificate for the completion of a given programme; Late submission: the completion of a home assignment by a modified deadline, for reasons attributable to the student, not affecting the other criteria of completion; Contact lesson (lesson): Section 108(41) of the Higher Education Act: contact lessons requiring the personal cooperation of the instructor for the fulfilment of the academic requirements specified in the curriculum (lecture, seminar, etc.
), with a duration of minimum 45 minutes and maximum 60 minutes; Thesis advisor: person helping students with their bachelor or master theses; Consultation: informal meeting between instructors and students within or outside of a lesson environment, including communication via electronic means, where the instructor gives advice to and helps one or more students with revising, meeting the evaluation requirements or acquiring knowledge.
During the consultation on the students’ individual homework assignments the progress of the students must be documented; h 30a.
Cooperative training: a form of training in bachelor and master training programmes in the field of engineering, information technology, agriculture, sciences and economics where certain competences defined in the training programme of the specific academic programme are acquired in part at companies, economic associations, under an agreement between the faculty in charge of the academic programme and the company; Corrected credit index (CCI): Section 57 (4) (...) of Government Decree 87/2015: (...) The corrected credit index can be calculated from the credit index by the factor corresponding to the ratio of credits obtained during the term to credits undertaken in the individual course schedule.
(...)  Direct prerequisite: prerequisite specified as a criteria for registering a subject; Indirect prerequisite: subject prerequisite of a prerequisite specified as a criterion for registering a subject; Credit: Section 108(24) of the Higher Education Act: unit of student’s work which represents, in relation to the subject or curricular unit, the estimated time necessary for the acquisition of the learning outcomes specified in the subject description, a specific body of knowledge and the fulfilment of requirements; one credit equals 30 study hours on average, and the value of a credit – supposing that the student’s performance was accepted – does not depend on the evaluation of the student’s knowledge; Credit allocation: the allocation of credits to all of the academic work of students required on average to fulfil the academic obligations defined in the curriculum; Credit accumulation: the collection of credits in the course of studies.
In each training period, the credits obtained are added to credits obtained earlier up to the point when the student has collected the total number of credits required to be awarded a degree certificate (including the credits allocated to compulsory knowledge to be acquired) or as long as the student completes subjects with a credit value; Proof of credit recognition: Section 43(1) of Government Decree 87/2015: the credit report is a paper-based or electronic document issued by the higher education institution with the subject data sheet (curricular requirements) of the subject completed by the student, which enables decision makers to assess to what extent the student’s recognised learning outcomes match those of the substitute subject in accordance with Section 49(5) of the Higher Education Act; Credit index: index for the evaluation of the student’s studies according to Section 57 (4) of Government Decree 87/2015 To calculate the credit index, the aggregate sum of the products of the credit value of the completed subjects and their grades will be divided by the thirty credits obtainable during a term in the case of prescribed progress.
(...)  Course: actual opportunity provided and announced in a study period for the completion of a subject.
It is a combination of contact lessons and the evaluation of learning outcomes.
Depending on its type, the course may be linked to a specific location, time slot and instructor.
The types and characteristics etc.
of a course correspond to those of the study unit for which it was announced (duration, number of contact lessons, type of lesson, type of evaluation of learning outcomes).
The content of the courses may be stand-alone or combined; Course (subject) registration: registration for and final confirmation of the subjects and courses in the Study Administration System (SAS) the student wants to complete in a given term; Laboratory practice: practice during which the students use instruments and equipment; Mentoring programme: a special form of training in which students, instructors of a institution of higher education or an independent organisation provide regular assistance to disadvantaged students in their studies and other areas.
Recommended curriculum: curriculum recommended in accordance with Section 49(4) of the Higher Education Act in which the curricular subjects and sets of criteria are allocated to terms in a way that they can be followed by students who wish to progress at an average pace so that they comply with the prerequisites of every subject, therefore they are able to fulfil the study requirements of a subject within the study period specified in the training and outcome requirements; Degree certificate: official document issued in Hungarian and foreign languages, certifying the higher education qualifications and skills; Diploma supplement: official document with a set format and content, issued by the university in Hungarian and English, certifying the knowledge, skills and competencies acquired by the student during the studies leading to the acquisition of the degree certificate, as well as providing information about the qualification level and the exam results; Single-cycle training programme: programme where the bachelor and master programmes are not separated and after which a master’s degree and qualifications can be obtained; Home assignment: given assignment, used as formative assessment, where most of the work is done by the student outside of the lessons.
The subject of the homework assignment, the submission deadline and location are included in the instructions to the home assignment.
The submission deadline of the home assignment means the date by which the assignment must be completed and the late submission deadline means the date by which the assignment may be retaken or submitted after the submission deadline; Autonomous course: a course that inherits only its goal from the subject for whose fulfilment it was announced but its content can be freely adjusted to the subject’s learning outcomes; Autonomous curricular unit: thematic grouping of subjects which can be completed regularly or occasionally according to the decision of the organisation unit in charge of the given programme.
The completion of the programme can be certified by adding an insert to the degree certificate.
Specialisation is a unique form of an autonomous curricular unit; Cumulative corrected credit index (CCCI): according to Section 57 (4) of Government Decree 87/2015 (...) The purpose of the cumulative corrected credit index is the quantitative and qualitative assessment of a student’s performance over several terms.
The cumulative corrected credit index is calculated the same way as the corrected credit index with the exception that the 30 credits per term and the total of credits undertaken and obtained during the whole period are used for the calculation:  Combined retake or delayed completion option: one-time summative type of the evaluation of learning outcomes that covers the curriculum of the entire term; Passive term: term when the student’s legal status is paused; Parallel legal status: additional legal relationship between the University and the student of another institution of higher education or additional legal relationship between the student of the University and another institution of higher education;  53a.
Late completion: the continuation of or the first attempt for a student to take a regular assessment of academic performance which was not started or was started but was not finished, for reasons not attributable to the student; Late completion period: period for retaking or repeating the evaluations of learning outcomes completed in the study period.
There are no contact lessons in the late completion period; Project: home assignment for the entire study period, which may also be completed by the students in teamwork; Registration: statement by the enrolled student made in the Study Administration System (SAS) at the start of the term, confirming the start or continuation of studies; Registration period: period available to enrol, sign-on and finalise a registration for a subject or course; Part-time studies: studies where students collect credits in another institution of higher education, with which they have guest student’s legal status; 58a.
Participation: the engagement of students attending a contact lesson into the process of education in an interactive manner; Unsuccessful exam (unsuccessful comprehensive exam): exam (comprehensive exam) that students attempted to take, but failed to meet the requirements thereof.
The grade given for an unsuccessful exam (comprehensive exam) is a fail (1).
Subspecialisation: Section 108(31) of the Higher Education Act: studies within a programme, which do not result in separate qualifications, but provide special knowledge; Grade point average: according to Section 57 (3) of Government Decree 87/2015, it is the weighted cumulative grade point average used for tracing the performance of the student in a credit-based education in a given term or in the course of the student’s studies so far.
When calculating the grade point average, the aggregate sum of the products of the credit value of the courses successfully accomplished in the given period and their grades shall be divided by the aggregate sum of the credits of the completed courses:  Specialisation: Section 108(33) of the Higher Education Act: a set of courses within a given programme the completion of which enables the acquisition of special knowledge and skills and leads to a separate qualification; Internship: Section 108(36) of the Higher Education Act: partially independent student activity carried out in an external practical training location or the institution of higher education’ practical training location as part of higher education vocational training, bachelor, master or a single-cycle training programme; 63a.
Personal data: means any information relating to an identified or identifiable natural person (data subject), in particular the data defined Chapter I, Annex 3 of the Higher Education Act; Comprehensive exam: set of criteria to test the synthesised, analytical knowledge of a subject, announced in the form of exam courses.
Its requirements must be published no later than the start of the registration period; Study unit: Section 108(39) of the Higher Education Act: a curriculum unit or course for which credit is awarded and represents one term of study Subject: part of the curriculum.
The combination of the required learning outcomes, the evaluation of learning outcomes and additional requirements; Subject data sheet: a document with the subject description, which includes the description of the subject and its requirements, and may include the description of the courses assigned to that subject; Subject requirement: description of the activities required to pass a subject, as well as the methods of evaluation and assessment; Subject description: all the learning outcomes and data of a subject; Curriculum: In accordance with Section 108 (42) educational plan based on the training and outcome requirements, made up of: the class and examination plans according to study units broken down by programmes, the assessment and evaluation system of the completion of requirements and the specific programmes of study units; Course schedule: all the subjects and courses, announced in a term according to the curriculum, to which the student registered; 71a.
Study activity: a study session for the transfer of knowledge and an activity for the assessment of academic performance.
Study Administration System (SAS): the institution’s core system, which, together with the additional modules and related systems, is used by the higher education institution for the following: normal operation; teaching; research; the university’s research and development business activities and the organisation of their external relations; the University’s document handling; to ensure direct communication between the authority, the operator and the institution, the students and the lecturers; to provide student feedback on teaching in a non-identifiable way; to exercise employer rights and to exercise the rights and fulfil the obligations  of the University’s employees and to issue certificates relating thereto; to keep the records required by law; to determine, assess and certify entitlement to benefits provided by law or the University's organisational and operational rules; to record personal and specific data processed in accordance with data protection requirements for the purpose of graduate career tracking; to keep a certified record of electronic documents, subject descriptions, recommended curricula, the decisions of the credit transfer committees and to monitor any modifications thereof; to provide closed electronic online learning at institutional level and to maintain electronic communication with the higher education information system; to provide access to services by the REAS and CEAS systems; for the registration and electronic storage of bachelor (master) theses; for the operation and development of the University's quality assurance system; for the storage and retention of data required by law, and  for electronic communication with the higher education information system,  which is designed to ensure equal access to it and to ensure that all its clients, user interfaces and implemented functionalities are available in Hungarian; Evaluation of learning outcomes: method of checking whether the student has acquired the learning outcomes assigned to a subject; Distance learning: a form of education based on the use of special information technology and communication teaching materials and knowledge transfer and learning methods, the interactive relationship between students and instructors as well as independent student work; 74a.Education in distance education format: the form of knowledge transfer and academic performance assessment that takes place between the instructor and the student through information systems or an electronic communication network and does not require a personal appearance or participation, nor is the simultaneous presence of the teacher and the student necessary.
Completed subject: each subject in which students have achieved at least a pass result and thus obtained the credits associated with the subject.
In the case of criteria subjects (with the exception of comprehensive exams and remedial subjects) completion is certified by a signature and no credits can be obtained; Transcript: certified official document of a programme, printed from the SAS at the student’s request, listing the courses completed in the past terms, as well as the courses of the given term to which the student applied and the marks given in the completed courses; Supervisor: instructor supervising students with their bachelor or master theses; Student register: in accordance with Section 36 (1) of Government Decree 87/2015, the means to register all of the student’s personal data and study data related to their legal status; Register extract: certified official document, printed from the SAS, containing the data of the student’s register, apart from data regarding the leaving certificate, finals, degree certificate, diploma supplement, foreign language requirements, the student’s disabilities and accidents; Guest student’s legal status: student’s legal status, where the student carries out part-time studies connected to their initial studies; Leaving certificate (absolutorium): In accordance with Section 108 (47) of the Higher Education Act, it certifies that students have successfully passed the exams stipulated in the curriculum and fulfilled the other academic requirements – apart from completing the bachelor or master thesis and that they have obtained the necessary number of credits as set forth in the training and outcome requirements.
It attests without assessment or evaluation that students have met all the study and exam requirements set in the curriculum; Exam: form of assessment to assess and evaluate the acquisition of the learning outcomes assigned to a subject; Exam course: the opportunity to complete the study unit assigned to a comprehensive exam.
Exam course also means the opportunity to complete a subject, granted by the curriculum, where a remedial criteria subject or a contact lesson, subject to completion with a mid-term grade or ex-am, to which the student registered in the previous term, but failed to complete it, can be completed by the student in a term when the contact class course is not launched; Mid-term exam: every written summative type of the evaluation of learning outcomes which is taken in a controlled environment under the supervision of an instructor with a completion time frame of 30 minutes or more.
Closed-system electronic online learning: Section 108 (49) of the Higher Education Act.
: a form of teaching in which the theoretical material is taught using digital course material and the cooperation between the lecturer and the student is implemented by means of a closed online learning management system via an IT network (Internet, intranet), where the common means of communication between the lecturer, the administrator of the programme and the student or trainee are the computer, the IT network, the closed online learning management system and the study administration system; Closed online learning management system: Section 108 (50) of the Higher Education Act.
: a qualified and certified closed IT system used for planning, organising and monitoring the training programme of a student, delivering the digital learning material and additional material required for such training (displayed in a web browser) according to the training programme, which, in addition to education management,  is used to record and evaluate the student's progress, their answers to test questions, results and activities in its database in a non-manipulable manner, and to implement possible navigation requests according to the training programme, based on the student's assessment, and ensure full on-line and off-line cooperation between the lecturer, the administrator of the programme and the student through interactive and online contact.
Enacting and enabling provisions [Entry into force] This Code is effective from 1 September 2016 with the exceptions stated in subsections (2)–(3).
Section 16 (5)and Section 19. are effective from 1 September 2017.
Section 23 (2).
and Section 28.
(2) are effective from 1 September 2020.
[Authorizations granted to the Rector] The rector shall be authorised to issue the detailed regulations, required for the execution of this Code, matters regarding the studies or exams of foreign students, procedural rules on establishing or terminating a student status, rights and obligations of persons listed in Section 7 (2), regarding data processing and the use of the SAS, submission deadline of applications submittable by students, content and formal requirements of the applications, methods of producing and handling exam papers and other documents containing the results of academic performance assessments, registration and data processing tasks related to internships, methods of recording the results of final examinations, bachelor and master theses in the SAS, formal criteria of the minutes of final examinations, rules on the use of the index book, optional written certificate on the evaluation of the academic performance, handling objections to performance evaluation data, kept in the SAS after the end of the study period, compensation fee payable by the educational organisational units, criteria for the positions of data controllers and administrators of academic affairs, language teaching system, physical education system, data processing system, in accordance with subsection (6) of Section 7.
Section 233/A.
[Authorizations for declaration of temporary provisions] In the special legal order according to the constitutional law, in the period of epidemiological preparedness or in a health crisis situation (hereinafter collectively: state of emergency), the Rector – within the framework of legal regulations, decisions of authorities and order of the responsible ministry – may declare temporary regulations deviating from the current code.
The temporary regulation remains in force until the end of the state of emergency, unless otherwise provided by law, decision of authorities, order of responsible ministry, or by the Senate.
The Rector shall inform the Senate at its next meeting about the temporary regulation established on the basis of the authorization under subsection (1).
[Authorizations granted to faculties]  The faculty shall be authorised to use faculty-level regulatory instruments with the consent of the Student Union of the Faculty to issue detailed rules on the following: selection process for specialisations, autonomous curricular units, preparing bachelor and master theses or diplomawork, organising and holding final examinations, organising and holding internships, admission process in postgraduate specialist training programmes, rules and organisation of the academic work in such programmes,  Temporary provisions [Temporary provisions related to the entry into force] Valid subject descriptions shall be reviewed and published with the content specified in Section 31.
(4)of this Code by 1 September 2017 at the latest.
Valid subject requirements shall be reviewed and published with the content specified in (4)Section 33. of this Code by 1 September 2017 at the latest.
Valid course descriptions shall be reviewed and published with the content specified in Section 35.
(3) of this Code by 1 September 2017 at the latest.
The assessment plan as per Section 112. shall be used for the first time for the assessments prescribed for the 2nd term of the 2016/2017 academic year.
The provisions included in Section 117., regarding the organisation of exams (complex exams) shall be used for the first time for the 2nd term of the 2016/2017 academic year.
The provisions included in Title 34, regarding retakes and repeats shall be used for the first time for the 2nd term of the 2016/2017 academic year.
The provision of Section 114 (5)of this Code, extending the validity of “Signed” marks, stipulated by Senate Decision № IX./2./2018-2019, shall be applied for “Signed” marks valid in the 2nd term of the 2018/2019 academic year, while the limitation of the validity by the subject requirement shall apply to students who register for the subject for the first time in the 2019/2020 academic year.
Contrary to subsection (7), the limitation on the validity of “Signed” marks shall prevail if it has been included to this effect in the effective subject requirement for the 2nd term of the 2018/2019 academic year.
[Temporary provisions regarding termination of student’s legal status] Stipulations, listed in points d) to g), Section 64.
(1) shall be applicable for students whose student status was established after 1 October 2015.
Section 64.
(1) b) of this Code, repealed by Senate Resolution V./2./2022-2023 amending the Code of Studies and Examinations, shall not apply as of 20 December 2022.
[Temporary provisions regarding credit exceedance] Students receiving full or partial state scholarships or participating in state funded programmes may register subjects in their individual course schedules with 10% more credit value than the required total credits without paying extra self-financing or fees.
Any additional credits, apart from the recognised credits, shall be subject to fees, payable by the student.
From 1 September 2015, the option of registering subjects over the credit limit up to 10% of the total required credits free of charge shall also include subjects taught in foreign languages.
Students, starting their studies in state-financed or state-funded programmes before 15 August 2015, may register subjects with credit values required for the completion of their programmes as of 1 September 2012 and additional subjects with the credit value equivalent to 10% of the total required credits without paying extra self-financing or fees, irrespective of the total of credits earned from subjects, previously registered in the programme.
[Temporary provisions regarding completion of studies started in accordance with former Acts] Programmes started in accordance with Act LXXX of 1993 on Higher Education may be completed until 1 September 2016, in a continuous manner, without any change in the applicable professional requirements, examination rules or the (college or university) diploma awarded.
The student status of those who fail to obtain a leaving certificate by this deadline shall be terminated as from this date.
Former students who obtained a leaving certificate before 1 September 2016 may take a final examination before 1 September 2018.
Programmes started in accordance with Act CXXXIX of 2005 on Higher Education may be completed in a continuous manner, without any change in the applicable professional requirements, examination rules or the diploma or certificate awarded.
In programmes started in accordance with this Act, the faculty in charge of the programme (training) may impose conditions (in particular: equivalency exam, bachelor or master thesis or the completion of a new task) on the completion of the final examination after the expiry of a seven-year period following the issue of the leaving certificate, which shall be determined by the dean of the faculty in charge of the programme (training).
[Regulations pertaining to doctoral programmes started before 1 September 2016] For doctoral students starting their doctoral programmes before 1 September 2016, the provisions of this Code shall be applied with the modifications included in this Section.
The enrolment shall be based on the student’s individual work schedule for every term, which shall be compiled according to the instructions of the Doctoral School.
Students shall submit their work schedule, agreed upon with their supervisor, to the Dean’s Office by the end of the third week of their first active term and by the end of the registration week in subsequent terms.
If a student fails to submit the work schedule by the deadline specified in subsection (2), they may remedy this by handing it in by the end of the fifth week of the term.
Late submissions shall be subject to a fee set by the relevant rules of the University.
If the work schedule is not submitted by this deadline for reasons attributable to the student, the term in question shall be classified as a passive term.
Research and publication activities are subjects for which mid-term grades (f) are given.
The subject administrator for these shall be the supervisor (thesis advisor).
The mid-term grade shall be determined by the supervisor or in the case of an external supervisor, the thesis advisor (based on the opinion of the supervisor).
The elective subject of Guided tutoring may also be part of the training, where students work under the guidance of a designated lecturer to improve their presentation and communication skills by teaching in the form of contact hours, where they use a preliminarily prepared and well documented training material.
Following consultation between the student and the supervisor, the subject is selected by the supervisor or by the head of the organisational unit and the performance is evaluated by the head of the organisational unit at the recommendation of the appointed lecturer.
A maximum of 30 credits in total may be earned for tutoring during the doctoral programme.
A total of 180 credits shall be collected in the doctoral programme as follows: minimum 30 and maximum 50 credits for acquiring the course material, minimum 130 and maximum 150 credits for scientific research, artistic activities or guided tutoring.
A maximum of 45 credits may be collected per term.
Recognised credits are not included in this.
The time spent on writing the doctoral thesis during the programme may be recognised as scientific research with a maximum of 30 credits based on the decision of the supervisor, who shall also evaluate (grade) this activity.
The academic performance and progress of the student shall be evaluated by the Doctoral School Council every academic year, based on the recommendation of the student’s supervisor.
As a result of the evaluation, on the recommendation of the Doctoral School Council, students whose academic progress is unsatisfactory, but maximum 15% of students participating in the given programme supported by Hungarian state scholarships, may be reclassified by the dean to self-financed status.
The vacancies, thus created in the state scholarship programme, may be filled by the dean by transferring students from the self-financed programme on the recommendation of the Doctoral School Council.
Reclassification decisions are made by the dean at the end of every academic year, at least 30 days before the start of the next academic year.
Students reclassified to state-funded programmes shall be eligible for doctoral student scholarships from the first month of the academic year after the reclassification.
The student status of doctoral students shall be terminated if they fail to meet any of the following criteria: to earn minimum 20 credits by term, minimum 10 of which are credits for research, to earn minimum 50 credits in the first two active terms, minimum 25 of which are credits for research, to earn minimum 105 credits in the first four active terms, minimum 52 of which are credits for research.
The student status of doctoral students may not be terminated if, based on the permission of the Doctoral Study Committee, they participate in part-time studies abroad for over 6 months, they conduct their research at a foreign university or research institute, broken into subtasks as agreed with their supervisor.
The criterion for closing the programme and issuing the leaving certificate shall be the completion of credits prescribed in subsection (6).
At the student’s request, a certificate is issued for the student, verifying the obtainment of the leaving certificate, signed by the chair of the Doctoral School Council and the dean.
Section 239/A.
, [Review of the learning management and data handling systems] Modifying provisions   [Repeal provisions] The following decisions and other regulatory instruments shall be null and void: Senate Decision № X/3./2006-2007.
(2007.
VI.
25.)
on the Code of Studies and Exams of the Budapest University of Technology and Economics, the following senate decisions modifying Senate Decision № X/3./2006-2007.
(2007.
VI.
25.)
on the Code of Studies and Examinations of the Budapest University of Technology and Economics, Senate Decision № VI./5./2007-2008, Senate Decision № X./8./2008-2009., Senate Decision № X./3./2009-2010., Senate Decision № VIII./3./2010-2011., Senate Decision № IV./4./2011-2012., Senate Decision № IV./4./2012-2013., Senate Decision № X./7./2012-2013., Senate Decision № IV./2./2014-2015., Senate Decision № I./3./2015-2016., any interpretations of the Code of Studies and Exams issued prior to 1 September 2016; Section 15 of Senate Decision № IV./2./2007-2008.
on the regulations of disciplinary actions, compensation and redress with respect to the students of BME; Sections 7 to 8 and 10 of Senate Decision № I./1./2014-2015.
on the regulations on admissions and student transfer     Annex to Senate Decision № X./10./2015-2016.
Annex to Senate Decision № X./10./2015-2016.
,Annex to Senate Decision № X./10./2015-2016.
Number of credits earned and grade point average for reclassification