[The purpose of demonstrators] Students having an active student’s legal status with the University may be involved in teaching, teaching assistance and supporting activities as demonstrators.  The activities performed by demonstrators are designed  to offer the most apt students more intensive theoretical and practical training in a specific area within their line of education, their programme; to enhance the professional commitment of student demonstrators allowing them to demonstrate above-average quality later in their careers; to allow students to engage in the teaching work in a responsible manner during their studies by working as demonstrators, to acquire the necessary competences and experience in teaching; to provide for the foundation to continue their studies in doctoral (master) training programmes, to promote competences and skills to be able to work as instructors (researchers) at universities; and  to allow student demonstrators to set an example with their excellence for their peers and to assist them in their studies.  Work performed as demonstrators is taken into consideration by the faculties during the admission for master and doctoral training programmes. 
[The performance of demonstrator activities] Demonstrators are primarily involved in teaching and teaching assistance activities while also carrying out other professional tasks in the second place. The work and all the teaching tasks of demonstrators are controlled and monitored by the head of the educational organisational unit or the instructor appointed by them. Under the supervision of the appointed instructor, demonstrators are allowed to conduct practical classes, laboratory practical classes, consultations, perform practical preparatory work, contribute to the development of teaching aids and be involved in the evaluation of the academic performance of students. 
[The establishment of a demonstrator’s legal status] A demonstrator’s legal status may only be established through a public application process. Only students in full-time bachelor, master or single-cycle trainings at the University are allowed to be engaged as demonstrators.  The call for applications must be announced in a manner to ensure that the applications are evaluated and the demonstrator’s legal status is established until the end of the first week of instruction. The application period must be at least eight days.  A demonstrator’s legal status may be established for one term based on one application, however it may be re-established for an unlimited number of times in case of any additional successful applications.  Calls for applications for demonstrators are announced and published by the dean on the faculty’s website.  Eligibility criteria for demonstrators include the following:  applicants must have active student’s legal status in the term for which the demonstrator’s legal status is established; applicants must have a degree obtained in a bachelor or single-cycle training programme; in absence of a degree obtained in a bachelor or single-cycle training programme, applicants must have at least twenty-five obtained credits per each closed active term and a cumulative weighted grade point average exceeding 3.50; and  applicants must not be subject to any disciplinary sanctions.  The maximum number of persons with a demonstrator’s legal status is determined by the dean with the restriction that the number of persons with a demonstrator’s legal status in each term may not exceed five per cent of the students taught by the faculty in full-time daytime training programmes, including the students of other faculties as well.  