[Record-keeping of the results] Documents generated in the process of the completion of the academic work of students and their evaluation must be handled and maintained by the educational organisational unit responsible for the teaching of the specific subject. Paper-based documents generated in the process of the completion of assessments in the study and late completion period (mid-term exams, home assignments, written reports etc.) may be returned to students following their evaluation or may be retained as arranged by the subject coordinator. Documents generated in the process of the evaluation of assessments in the study and late completion period (exam sheets, result summary and registration documents) must be stored in the archives of the educational organisational unit pursuant to the provisions of the Records Management Policy. Following their evaluation, documents generated in the exam period related to the completion of exams and complex exams (e.g. exam papers) must be retained by the subject coordinator. Documents generated in the exam period related to the evaluation of exams and complex exams (e.g. exam sheets, exam and complex exam reports) must be stored in the archives of the educational organisational unit pursuant to the provisions of the Records Management Policy. Unless returned to students following their evaluation, documents defined in subsections (2) and (4) may be discarded one month after the first day of the following study period. These documents must be discarded in a manner to ensure that the discarded documents do not allow the author of the document to be identified. 
[Retaking an unsuccessful final examination] A thesis graded as failed by the finals committee may be repeated once by submitting a new bachelor or master thesis. If a new bachelor or master thesis is submitted, the earliest time for taking another final examination is the next final examinations period. The criteria and deadline for preparing and submitting a new bachelor or master thesis will be specified by the dean of the faculty in charge of the programme, based on the opinion of the head of the EOU organising the finals. If only one of the exams in the final examination subjects was unsuccessful, the examinee only has to sit a retake exam in that subject. There is an option for a repeated retake exam after an unsuccessful retake exam. After that there are no other options available for retakes. Failed first or repeated retake exams in a subject cannot be repeated within fifteen days of the failed exam. Following a failed repeated retake, the secretary of the finals committee will notify the data controller about the fact that the examinee has used up the available retake options. The data controller will make a decision and notify the student about the unsuccessful completion of the studies and will also add this decision to the official records in the master data. Conflict of interest 
Exam data – including parts of combined exams – must be recorded on an exam sheet which includes the student’s identification data (name, student identification number, training code) the subject’s identification data (designation and code of subject) the term within the specific academic year,  the date of the exam, the identification data of the instructor(s) conducting the exam (name, instructor identification number), the result of the exam, in case of the last part of the combined exam, the final exam grade, and the qualified electronic signature of the examiner(s), or in the absence thereof a digital signature, or in the absence thereof an autograph signature. 