[Course] The course or exam course is the form of a subject the way it appears in each term or academic year enabling students to fulfil the subject requirements. For subjects specified in Section 17 (2) a) , a course is a contact lesson with contact hours included in the timetable where the study process is completed through personal interaction between the student and the instructor (lecturer, practice leader, etc.) at regular intervals or through a longer period of time once or several times in a study period.  Subjects specified in Section 17 (2) b) or c) have no time and contact hours assigned to them in the timetable. Courses with contact hours can have the following types: lecture, practice or laboratory, drawing room or field practice (hereinafter referred to as ‘laboratory practice’). Courses can be of the following nature: autonomous course – a course that inherits only its goal from the subject for whose fulfilment it was announced but its content can be freely adjusted to the subject’s learning outcomes; or derived course – an exclusively practice- or laboratory practice-type course with the goal to reach the learning outcomes of the subject for which it was announced (this course does not have learning outcomes of its own); in terms of content, it is subordinated to the lecture-type course of the subject. Depending on its type, nature and content, a course can have timetable data, organisational unit, instructor, opportunities for the evaluation of learning outcomes, and qualification procedures assigned to it. Students have to be provided with an opportunity to consult about the course. An exam course is a course without contact hours not included in the timetable. An exam course can be one of the following: an act of study required to pass a comprehensive exam; an exam opportunity where a student can complete a subject with contact hours and concluded with an exam if they have a “Signed” entry for the given subject from an earlier term but have not yet completed the given subject even if no course(s) with contact hours were announced for it in the current term; 
Gradual roll-out: a principle in education, which means that any new or revised academic or exam requirements may only be required to be fulfilled by students who started their studies after the introduction of such requirements or who started their studies before the introduction of such requirements but choose to comply with the new or revised academic and exam requirements at their discretion; Remedial course: a course of a compulsory subject based on the recommended curriculum – allowing the completion of the subject –, available to students who have failed to complete the subject when they previously registered for it. Remedial courses use specific teaching methodology; Remedial subject: a criterion requirement or optional subject with no credit value or in absence of those, a contact lesson offered as a study opportunity, primarily designed to cancel the gap in competences and skills acquired in the secondary school; Prerequisite subject: a subject to be completed by students admitted to a master training programme if their qualification obtained in a bachelor training programme may not be fully considered with its complete credit value for the specific master training programme; Student’s legal status: legal relationship between the student and the university, established with the enrolment, to which certain rights and obligations are attached; Student’s study contract: subsection (8) Section 108 of the Higher Education Act: contract concluded between the institution of higher education and the student accepted to a fee-paying programme in accordance with Section 39(3) of the Higher Education Act; 20a. Third party: a natural or legal person, public authority, agency or body other than the data subject, controller, processor and persons who, under the direct authority of the controller or processor, are authorised to process personal data; Assessment of the student’s knowledge: obligatory evaluation of the learning outcomes of students admitted to a bachelor training programme or a single-cycle training programme, organised in the term of their admission, during which the University tests the competencies acquired in secondary education; 
[Announcement of courses] The head of the educational organisational unit responsible for the announcement of a subject and course must ensure that the subjects and courses (including exam courses) planned to be announced are recorded in the SAS no later than the end of the sixth week of the study period of the preceding term. Courses are recorded by entering the data defined in points 1 to 3 and 5 to 9, subsection (7) into the SAS. The faculty responsible for teaching a programme (training) must ensure that all the courses, where required by this Code, have a specific time in the timetable and that such times are set in the SAS, no later than the end of the third week of the exam period of the preceding term.  The educational organisational unit must assign to a course a course instructor actively involved in delivering the course no later than the first day of the preliminary subject registration period of the given term, provided that such instructor is already known and selected. In reasonably required instances, an instructor may be assigned to laboratory and/or classroom-based practical sessions at a later date which must occur in the shortest possible time but no later than the second working day of the registration period. In particularly reasonably required instances, a change in the person of the assigned course instructor is allowed until the second working day of the registration period. Courses with a specific time in the timetable – not including criterion requirements and laboratory practice – must have a classroom assigned to them. Classrooms are selected by the timetable coordinator of the faculty with regard to the recommendation of the educational organisational unit. Classrooms must be able to accommodate the maximum number of students set for the particular course. Deviation from this provision by the educational organisational unit is allowed with the approval of the FSC of the faculty in charge of the programme. The time in the timetable of courses of – different – compulsory and compulsory elective subjects announced for the same term in the recommended curriculum must be determined to ensure that the types of courses of these subjects which are not available in a parallel manner, courses announced for several days within a week, may not be held at the same time. 