[Retaking an unsuccessful final examination] A thesis graded as failed by the finals committee may be repeated once by submitting a new bachelor or master thesis. If a new bachelor or master thesis is submitted, the earliest time for taking another final examination is the next final examinations period. The criteria and deadline for preparing and submitting a new bachelor or master thesis will be specified by the dean of the faculty in charge of the programme, based on the opinion of the head of the EOU organising the finals. If only one of the exams in the final examination subjects was unsuccessful, the examinee only has to sit a retake exam in that subject. There is an option for a repeated retake exam after an unsuccessful retake exam. After that there are no other options available for retakes. Failed first or repeated retake exams in a subject cannot be repeated within fifteen days of the failed exam. Following a failed repeated retake, the secretary of the finals committee will notify the data controller about the fact that the examinee has used up the available retake options. The data controller will make a decision and notify the student about the unsuccessful completion of the studies and will also add this decision to the official records in the master data. Conflict of interest 
[Exams] Exams are a form of assessment of achievement of specific learning outcomes related to a single subject, completed – in whole or in part – in the exam period. Exams may comprise an oral assessment, a written assessment, the completion of practical exercises, the complete or partial inclusion of the results of mid-term assessments of academic achievement or of a group of such assessments or the combination of any of the above parts. Exams may be single or combined. Single exams include only one while combined exams include at least two of the parts defined in subsection (2). The subject requirement defines which parts from subsection (2) will be included in a specific combined exam, with the restriction that the number of exam components and parts of an exam may not exceed three, the order in which the parts are required to be completed, what minimum performance criteria in each part are required to successfully pass the exam, how specific groups of interim assessments of achievement will be included in the exam result and if specific parts are allowed to be separately retaken or repeated with the purpose to improve the result. All parts of a combined exam are required to be completed in the same term, however specific parts may be completed on different days. An exam failed for any reason – including any failed part of an exam with the exception of the part in point d) of subsection (2) – reduces the number of exams available to a student by one. In case of the partial inclusion of mid-term results, the part of an exam taken during the exam period will be incorporated in the exam grade minimally at a rate of fifty per cent and the results achieved in the study period incorporated in the exam grade – unless otherwise specified in the subject requirement – will be incorporated in all terms for which a ‘Signed’ mark has been granted. The complete inclusion of mid-term results means that the exam grade is entirely based on a student’s interim achievements. In such cases, students will be allowed to modify the grade received in the above described manner in an exam taken in the exam period as specified by the subject requirement. 
[Retake or repeat completion of exams and complex exams] The educational organisational unit responsible for teaching a specific subject may publish a date for a retake (complex) exam for students obtaining an unsuccessful result in an exam or part of an exam in the specific exam period based on the number of students with unsuccessful results if such an exam date has not previously been designated pursuant to subsection (7) of Section 119. Successful examinations (comprehensive exams) may be repeated only in the term in which they were passed.  Based on the student’s reasonably explained request submitted to the head of the educational organisational unit responsible for teaching the specific subject, the student may take a retake or a repeat retake exam in the presence of a different instructor or board of examiners subject to the decision of the head of the educational organisational unit. If the head of the organisational unit is engaged in the examination process, the student may request the dean of the faculty responsible for teaching the specific subject to appoint a different examiner. Such requests will be submitted in writing or electronically three days prior to the start of the exam at the latest addressed to the head of the educational organisational unit or the dean.  Exams considered as repeat retake exams in a specific examination period will be held – based on the student’s relevant request – in the presence of a board including two examiners at a minimum. The board of examiners may include only one person who has given the student a fail grade in any exam in a specific examination period. In case of a written exam or written part, supervision by a board of examiners means independent evaluation of the written test by two examiners at a minimum. The result of the exam or part of an exam will be established by the board of examiners. Third or any further exams or complex exams in a specific subject are subject to payment of a charge. The amount of such a charge and the rules regarding its calculation are defined by university policy. 