[Study levels] At the University, students can pursue studies providing a higher education degree and qualifications at the following levels: bachelor training programme (BA, BSc); master training programme (MA, MSc); single-cycle training programme; doctoral training programme (PhD, DLA). The University may organise postgraduate specialist training programmes, which do not award a higher education degree. 
 [Special rules for remedial subjects] Registered remedial subjects may not be included in the range of elective subjects, prescribed by Section 49 (2a) of the Higher Education Act. Remedial subjects are identified by the subject code, while remedial courses must have an additional “FELZ” mark added in the course code field in the SAS. 
 [Student rights and obligations] Is a legal relationship established between the University and a student pursuing studies in one of its programmes, based on which both the University and the student are mutually granted rights and are bound by obligations in accordance with the provisions of the law and University regulations. With a student status, the student is entitled to pursue studies in a particular programme in accordance with the law and University regulations, in particular this Code of Studies, and the particular programme's curriculum. With a student legal status, the student is obliged to organise studies in accordance with the law, University regulations, in particular this Code of Studies, and the curriculum of the particular programme, and to fulfil study obligations to the best of the student's ability.  For the duration of the student legal status, the student is obliged to use the SAS, and to monitor and observe University information and announcements published in the SAS in general or addressed specifically to the given student with the following regularity: continuously in an active term; at least every three days in the registration period, term time and exam period; outside these periods at least every ten days, and every eight days in a passive term. Students will bear the consequences of ignoring such information and this may not provide the grounds for any objection or legal redress. With regard to students with a student legal status at the University, the University is entitled to process their personal data and data related to their studies in accordance with the law and University regulations, and to inspect and assess their study activity and, while doing so, in justified cases and in compliance with the law, the University may require students to have a medical examination to establish their fitness required for a particular type of training. With regard to students with a student legal status at the University, the University is obliged to provide the personal and material conditions to complete the programme, and to provide students with all the information necessary to pursue their studies pursuant to the law and University regulations, in particular this Code of Studies, and the curriculum of the particular programme. 