independently for each assessment of achievement [individual retake, repeat or late completion] or in an aggregate manner for all assessments of achievement [combined retake, repeat or late completion] at retake, repeat or late completion occasions published for the study or late completion period. Individual retake, repeat or late completions cover the same body of knowledge and are based on the same methodology as the assessment of achievement retaken or completed after the due date. Combined retake, repeat or late completions are subject to the consent of the FSC responsible for the programme (training). If repeat or late completion of any groups of assessments of academic achievement is prohibited by any provision of the subject requirement, the (partial) result for these groups of assessments will be based on the most favourable two-third – rounded down – for the specific student. Late completion defined in point a) of subsection (5)will be held in the late completion period if it may not be scheduled for the study period due to the deadline specified in subsection (4)of Section 127. ,,If specifically allowed by the subject requirement, a retake, repeat or late completion of summative assessments is allowed for a second time upon payment of a special charge defined in this Code. Second retakes, repeat completions are organised as defined in subsection (5) and are required to be completed until the third day of the exam period. The educational organisational unit must allow access to a second retake or repeat completion if less than two-thirds of the students participating in the previous summative assessments earned a ‘Signed’ mark or a mid-term grade better than fail. Second retakes or repeat completions of summative assessments will be published via the SAS as special exam dates defined in other regulations and students must register for them according to the rules of exam registration. No grades, results will be recorded for exam dates published as described above. Students are only allowed to participate in second retakes or repeat completions of summative assessments if they have participated in the assessment or its first retake, repeat or late completion. 
[Retake or repeat completion of exams and complex exams] The educational organisational unit responsible for teaching a specific subject may publish a date for a retake (complex) exam for students obtaining an unsuccessful result in an exam or part of an exam in the specific exam period based on the number of students with unsuccessful results if such an exam date has not previously been designated pursuant to subsection (7) of Section 119. Successful examinations (comprehensive exams) may be repeated only in the term in which they were passed.  Based on the student’s reasonably explained request submitted to the head of the educational organisational unit responsible for teaching the specific subject, the student may take a retake or a repeat retake exam in the presence of a different instructor or board of examiners subject to the decision of the head of the educational organisational unit. If the head of the organisational unit is engaged in the examination process, the student may request the dean of the faculty responsible for teaching the specific subject to appoint a different examiner. Such requests will be submitted in writing or electronically three days prior to the start of the exam at the latest addressed to the head of the educational organisational unit or the dean.  Exams considered as repeat retake exams in a specific examination period will be held – based on the student’s relevant request – in the presence of a board including two examiners at a minimum. The board of examiners may include only one person who has given the student a fail grade in any exam in a specific examination period. In case of a written exam or written part, supervision by a board of examiners means independent evaluation of the written test by two examiners at a minimum. The result of the exam or part of an exam will be established by the board of examiners. Third or any further exams or complex exams in a specific subject are subject to payment of a charge. The amount of such a charge and the rules regarding its calculation are defined by university policy. 
[Retaking an unsuccessful final examination] A thesis graded as failed by the finals committee may be repeated once by submitting a new bachelor or master thesis. If a new bachelor or master thesis is submitted, the earliest time for taking another final examination is the next final examinations period. The criteria and deadline for preparing and submitting a new bachelor or master thesis will be specified by the dean of the faculty in charge of the programme, based on the opinion of the head of the EOU organising the finals. If only one of the exams in the final examination subjects was unsuccessful, the examinee only has to sit a retake exam in that subject. There is an option for a repeated retake exam after an unsuccessful retake exam. After that there are no other options available for retakes. Failed first or repeated retake exams in a subject cannot be repeated within fifteen days of the failed exam. Following a failed repeated retake, the secretary of the finals committee will notify the data controller about the fact that the examinee has used up the available retake options. The data controller will make a decision and notify the student about the unsuccessful completion of the studies and will also add this decision to the official records in the master data. Conflict of interest 