[Mid-term grades] ,If a student has not been granted exemption from fulfilling the attendance, participation requirements based on the provisions related to the preferential course schedule or schedule for exceptional students of this Code, due to failure to fulfil the attendance, participation requirements instructors may not deny a mid-term grade if a student has not been absent from more than 20 per cent of the published practical course, in case the absence from the practical course is in excess of 20 per cent but does not exceed 30 per cent, instructors – if allowed by the subject or course requirement – may require the student to complete additional assignments, unless otherwise specified by the subject requirement, instructors will deny a mid-term grade if a student has failed to complete the required laboratory practice including missing the opportunity for late completion. Mid-term grades will be determined based on the combined results of all the assessments of academic achievement taking the following into consideration: the achievement level (points) required to receive a pass (2) grade may not exceed fifty per cent of the level (points) earned by the full and correct completion of all mandatory assessments of achievement, the evaluation will be ‘Not completed’ if a student has failed to complete any of the assessments of academic achievement of a subject (course) or their absence is in excess of the extent allowed by the subject requirement. The process and rules to improve mid-term grades are specified in Title 34 of this Code. If more than two-thirds of the students (at least 10 persons) registering for a subject and taking the assessment for the first time fail at a summative assessment of a compulsory subject announced for a term in a recommended curriculum, which is not a retake or repeat, this must be investigated by the educational organisational unit responsible for teaching the subject, initiated in writing by the Faculty Students’ Union, the instructor or head of the educational organisational unit responsible for teaching the subject. This investigation  
independently for each assessment of achievement [individual retake, repeat or late completion] or in an aggregate manner for all assessments of achievement [combined retake, repeat or late completion] at retake, repeat or late completion occasions published for the study or late completion period. Individual retake, repeat or late completions cover the same body of knowledge and are based on the same methodology as the assessment of achievement retaken or completed after the due date. Combined retake, repeat or late completions are subject to the consent of the FSC responsible for the programme (training). If repeat or late completion of any groups of assessments of academic achievement is prohibited by any provision of the subject requirement, the (partial) result for these groups of assessments will be based on the most favourable two-third – rounded down – for the specific student. Late completion defined in point a) of subsection (5)will be held in the late completion period if it may not be scheduled for the study period due to the deadline specified in subsection (4)of Section 127. ,,If specifically allowed by the subject requirement, a retake, repeat or late completion of summative assessments is allowed for a second time upon payment of a special charge defined in this Code. Second retakes, repeat completions are organised as defined in subsection (5) and are required to be completed until the third day of the exam period. The educational organisational unit must allow access to a second retake or repeat completion if less than two-thirds of the students participating in the previous summative assessments earned a ‘Signed’ mark or a mid-term grade better than fail. Second retakes or repeat completions of summative assessments will be published via the SAS as special exam dates defined in other regulations and students must register for them according to the rules of exam registration. No grades, results will be recorded for exam dates published as described above. Students are only allowed to participate in second retakes or repeat completions of summative assessments if they have participated in the assessment or its first retake, repeat or late completion. 
[General rules regarding retakes, repeat and late completion] The University provides an opportunity for each student to demonstrate their knowledge and repeat their successful or unsuccessful assessment of academic achievement ensuring unbiased execution and evaluation of the repeated assessment of achievement. ,Students will be denied the opportunity for a retake, repeat or late completion if  in case of mid-term assessments of the subject, they have failed to meet the attendance and/or participation requirements defined in this Code or in the subject requirement; or the opportunity is excluded by the provisions in Title 38. Unless otherwise specified by this Code, the first occasion published by the educational organisational unit for repeat or late completion of the assessment of academic achievement will be available free of charge for students. Unless otherwise specified by the subject requirement and this Code, in case of repeat completion of the assessment, the result of the repeat completion will be considered. The opportunities for retakes, repeat or late completion related to mid-term assessments will be planned to ensure that students using the opportunities in subsections (1) to (5) of Section 122. and meeting the required criteria may receive a different grade than fail as their mid-term grade and/or may receive a ‘Signed’ mark in subjects concluded with an exam. 