 [Rules of competence related to course schedule for exceptional students] In accordance with the stipulations of Section 42and Section 43., the decision-making powers of the dean may be transferred to a faculty body by the faculty’s code.  The ratio of students in a faculty body, set up or authorised pursuant to subsection (1), shall be minimum 25 per cent. Successful participation in the talent management programme shall be recorded in the SAS, in the student register and the diploma supplement. Remedial education 
 [Establishment of guest student legal status] Requests to establish a guest student legal status must be submitted no later than eight days prior to the start of the registration week, via the information system operated by the Central Academic Office, addressed to the Dean’s Office of the faculty whose courses the applicant wishes to complete. In case of foreign students, this deadline may be extended up to the end of the third week of the study period. The FSC decides about the request. Attachments to the requests must include the following: data required to establish a student’s legal status: the applicant’s name, sex, birth name, mother’s name, place and date of birth, nationality, address and phone number of the applicant’s permanent or usual residence, in case of non-Hungarian citizens, the grounds of residence in Hungary and the designation and number of the document permitting residence – in case of persons with the right of free movement and residence, the designation and number of the document confirming the right of residence, a certificate confirming the student’s legal status, the certified copy of the credit book or of the register extract. Based on the request, the authorisation to establish a guest student status is issued – based on the FSC’ s decision – by the Dean’s Office of the faculty within eight days following the receipt of the request. The resolution must determine the financing form of the guest student’s training, the amount, payment method and due date of any potential self-financing payment. Based on the guest student authorisation, the Dean’s Office registers the guest student for the authorised courses in the SAS.  The data controller issues, at the student’s request, an electronically authenticated or a paper-based term report on the academic achievements of guest students, also attaching the credit report for the credits earned per each curricular unit. The term report includes the student’s identification data [name, birth name, place and date of birth, student identification number], 
 [Obligations of students with a course schedule for exceptional students] Students with a course schedule for exceptional students shall write a report each term on their progress compared with the study plan, which shall be submitted to the dean by 2 p.m. on the first working day following the last day of the exam period at the latest. The opinion of the talent management supervisor shall be attached to the report. The progress report shall be evaluated by the body appointed by the dean. Each deviation from the approved study plan shall be justified.  Decisions or conclusions on the course schedule for exceptional students and the progress, including the cancellation as per subsection (4), shall be registered in the SAS. In case of failure to submit the report, declining academic results or a significant deviation from the study plan, the dean may revoke the course schedule for exceptional students. In such cases students shall continue their studies according to the recommended curriculum of the academic programme. The dean may take individual temporary measures to help the student return to the recommended curriculum. Students, whose course schedule for exceptional students has been revoked by the dean as per subsection (4), may apply for another such course schedule in the same academic programme within two years in case of bachelor and single-cycle programmes, and within one term in case of master programmes at the earliest. 