[General rules regarding credit recognition] Credits for the acquisition of any body of knowledge will be awarded one time only. A subject or group of subjects may be equated with another subject or group of subjects. Pursuant to subsection (3), equivalency may be unilateral or bilateral. Subject equivalency is determined by the Credit Transfer Committee (CTC) and the faculty in charge of the subjects records it in the SAS. Students are not required to meet the requirements of the curriculum if they have previously done so and are able to provide adequate proof for that. The credits collected during the studies in accordance with subsection (5) Section 49 of the Higher Education Act will be recognised based on studies conducted at any institution of higher education regardless of at which institution of higher education and on what training level students received their credits. Recognition is based on the comparison of learning outcomes associated with each subject. Recognition may not be denied if the learning outcomes of the previously completed subject and of the subject to be equated correspond at least to an extent of seventy five per cent or fifty per cent in case of subjects completed in an international exchange programme. The credit value of academic achievement recognised according to subsection (5), Section 49 of the Higher Education Act corresponds to the credit value of the subject considered as completed, however the grade earned may not be modified at a recognition of a subject. When multiple subjects are recognised as a single subject, the grade is determined based on the arithmetic mean of the grades of the completed subjects weighted with credits. In case of a subject completed in an EEA member state, grades based on the European Credit Transfer System (ECTS) will correspond to grades used in the University as follows: A (excellent) equals grade 5 (excellent), B (very good) equals grade 5 (excellent), C (good) equals grade 4 (good), D (satisfactory) grade 3 (satisfactory), 
 [Optional subject] Optional subjects are subjects not specified by the curriculum. The University may not limit students’ choice of optional subjects from those announced by institution of higher educations – apart from capacity limits and preliminary study requirements.  Equal to at least 5 per cent of the total number of credits required to obtain a diploma, the curriculum allows for the registration of optional subjects or, if it is allowed by the curriculum of the academic programme, or for engagement in voluntary activities in exchange for the completion of the subjects. If a student earns more credits with their elective subjects than mandatory for elective subjects under the curriculum, the excess credits should be included in the number of credits for optional subjects without any further consideration. 
 [Credit] The University has a credit accumulation system that measures the credits for the fulfilment of all study requirements demanding a specific number of study hours and set as a precondition for obtaining a diploma for a qualification or degree (other than the criterion requirements), regardless the level of training and the study mode. One credit is equivalent to thirty study hours by a student on average. To complete a term, a student has to earn thirty credits on average. The University enables students to proceed based on the recommended curriculum and provides a timetable and a plan for the evaluation of learning outcomes to ensure that the dates of the mandatory and elective subjects of the same term do not coincide or overlap in the timetable and in the evaluation of learning outcomes – not including the exceptions defined in Title 31 of this Code. Credits of integer value must be allocated to subjects. The allocation of lessons and credit values to the subjects is part of the curriculum. Based on the way it is obtained, a credit can be earned or recognized.  In a programme a credit is earned if it is obtained by the student through completing the study requirements in the curriculum of the given academic (training) programme. A credit is recognized if it is assigned to a study performance recognized based on the process outlined in Title 36 hereunder. 