[Launching the procedure and submitting the application] Procedures regarding students can be launched ex officio or by the student. Procedures launched based on a request may be subject to the payment of a fee in advance, specified in other regulations. Procedures launched ex officio are free of charge. A procedure is launched ex officio when the University is obligated to do so by law or by the University’s regulations, and also when based on a law or this Code the student submits an application to a call by the University for all or some of the students (e.g. call for applications). A procedure is launched at the request of the student when based on the law or this Code the student has the right to launch such procedure. Unless stipulated by law or any university regulations, the obligatory elements regarding the content and format of the application in a procedure launched by the student shall be governed by subsection (7) of this Section. Applications must be addressed to the competent body or person and submitted in the SAS to the student’s data controller, who will register the application and immediately forward it to the body or person in charge.  If the applicant does not have access to the SAS, the application must be submitted electronically (through email) with electronic authentication (digital authentication). The content of such an application must comply with subsection (7). The application must contain data required for the unambiguous identification of the applicant and for communication purposes (name, student identification number, mailing address, email address, telephone number), the name of the application’s recipient, the subject of the application defined in an explicit and clear manner the facts on which the application is based and the evidence on which the facts are based (if any), authorisation if the applicant is represented by another person. 
[Contact with the parties] The acting person or body shall contact the applicant and those involved in the case  via the SAS, by post, by electronic means (e.g. e-mail or other messaging service), in person, including over the telephone. Contact by the methods specified in points a) and b), subsection (1) shall be deemed written, while contact by the methods described in points c) and d) shall be deemed verbal. Unless stipulated otherwise by this Code, contact shall be made primarily via the SAS. Based on the legal stipulations, the University may use another form of contact. Verbal contact may be used in any case where written contact is not mandatory. Applicants shall be notified of the decisions in written form only. 
[Training] In the Study Administration System (SAS) used by the University, training shall comprise the programme, its type, language and study mode. In the SAS, students should be assigned to training. In the SAS, training needs to be identified with a training code. Trainings are unambiguously identified by a training code. Training codes are a series of symbols of unrestricted length, starting with a number and including digits and letters and maximum one hyphen (-). The training code:  the first character is the digit code of the faculty in charge of the training (1 – Faculty of Civil Engineering, 2 – Faculty of Mechanical Engineering, 3 – Faculty of Architecture, 4 – Faculty of Chemical Technology and Biotechnology, 5 – Faculty of Electrical Engineering and Informatics, 6 – Faculty of Transportation Engineering and Vehicle Engineering, 9 – Faculty of Natural Sciences, 7 – Faculty of Economic and Social Sciences), the second character identifies the study mode (N – full-time, L – part-time correspondence, E – part-time evening, T – distance learning), the third character identifies the language of instruction (- [hyphen] – Hungarian, A – English, N – German, F – French, O – Russian), the fourth character identifies the programme type (A – bachelor programme, M – master programme, O – single-cycle programme, T or S – postgraduate specialist training programme, D or 3 – doctoral programme), the fifth and any additional characters identify the (academic) programme, the doctoral school in case of a doctoral training programme, the closing character series is ‘R’ if a training for supplementary studies must be identified. Basic structural components of training 