Enrolment must take place by the end of the registration period unless the faculty responsible for the programme sets a different date due to the specific nature of the programme in question. Thereafter, late enrolment, which is subject to the payment of the fee specified in the relevant regulation, is possible by the following deadlines:  a student who enrols late during the second week of instruction may enrol for that term also with active status,  starting from the third week of instruction until 14 October in the autumn term and until 14 March in the spring term late enrolment is only possible for the first term with passive status upon registration.  After 14 October in the autumn term and 14 March in the spring term enrolment is not possible. Students state whether they wish to pursue studies in the particular term in the SAS during or prior to the registration period. 
 [Definitions] For the purposes of this Code: Absolutorium: see leaving certificate; 1a. Data controller: unless otherwise specified by the laws of the European Union or member states, the University, based on the determination of the purposes and the means of the processing of personal data alone or jointly with others; for the purposes of this Code, the person processing the data is also a data controller; 1b. Data processing: means any operation or set of operations which is performed on personal data or on sets of personal data, whether or not by automated means, such as collection, recording, organisation, structuring, storage, adaptation or alteration, retrieval, consultation, use, disclosure by transmission, dissemination or otherwise making available, alignment or combination, restriction, erasure or destruction; Active term: term for which students have declared their intention to start or continue their studies and have not withdrawn such intention within one month from the start of the term, but no later than 14 October in the autumn term and 14 March in the spring term; Bachelor training programme: first part of a multicycle programme, where a bachelor’s degree and professional qualifications can be obtained and entitles the holder to apply for a master training programme; Enrolment: the administrative act of establishing the student’s legal status, during which, following admission or transfer to a programme or permission for a part-time course or module, the admitted student prints, completes and signs the enrolment form downloaded from the Study Administration System (SAS) once during the registration period of the term. This process requires the direct involvement of the competent data controller organisation and becomes final after the verification of the enrolment form. Prior to enrolment a contract will be signed by the student when required by law; Master thesis (bachelor thesis): a complex individual task (thesis) which requires the synthesis and creative application of the competences [knowledge, skills, attitude, independence and responsibilities] acquired on the degree programme, prepared at the end of the higher education studies, the content of which is prescribed by the qualification, training and outcome requirements and the mandatory specifications on length, content and format may be stipulated by the individual faculties; 
(1) [Enrolment] The student’s legal status is established based on a final admission decision or transfer decision when the declaration for enrolment is authenticated by the University. Successful candidates must present their school-leaving certificate or diploma at the latest when enrolling at the higher education institution, if it is not available in the public register. If the successful candidate holds a diploma or degree with the same legal effect under the law of the issuing country, they must present this diploma or degree at the time of enrolment. (1a)	If, at the time of enrolment, the successful candidate presents a non-certified copy of a diploma or school-leaving certificate issued abroad, as defined in subsection (1), the successful candidate shall produce the original document within six months of enrolment. ,Any student may only have one legal relationship as a student on any programme (training) at the University at any one time. If a student has more than one legal relationship, a declaration must be made by the end of the registration period as to which status is to be regarded as valid. CAO will inform students of this obligation via the SAS, preferably by the first day of the registration period. At enrolment, applicants admitted to a training programme financed through full (or partial) Hungarian state scholarship are required to accept the conditions of their training.  Applicants admitted to a fee-paying programme must enter into a student's training contract with the University upon enrolment. If the applicant does not undertake the conditions of the fee-paying programme (i.e. does not sign the contract), the student’s legal status may not be established. No student’s legal status is established if applicants fail to accept the conditions of the training programme financed through full (or partial) Hungarian state scholarship or refuse to commence their studies in a fee-paying scheme. Upon enrolment, admitted or transferred applicants must provide the University with their personal data specified by law, which are necessary for record keeping and for providing information by electronic means. If the data provided are insufficient, the University will refuse to authenticate the declaration for enrolment. 