Credit allocation: the allocation of credits to all of the academic work of students required on average to fulfil the academic obligations defined in the curriculum; Credit accumulation: the collection of credits in the course of studies. In each training period, the credits obtained are added to credits obtained earlier up to the point when the student has collected the total number of credits required to be awarded a degree certificate (including the credits allocated to compulsory knowledge to be acquired) or as long as the student completes subjects with a credit value; Proof of credit recognition: Section 43(1) of Government Decree 87/2015: the credit report is a paper-based or electronic document issued by the higher education institution with the subject data sheet (curricular requirements) of the subject completed by the student, which enables decision makers to assess to what extent the student’s recognised learning outcomes match those of the substitute subject in accordance with Section 49(5) of the Higher Education Act; Credit index: index for the evaluation of the student’s studies according to Section 57 (4) of Government Decree 87/2015 To calculate the credit index, the aggregate sum of the products of the credit value of the completed subjects and their grades will be divided by the thirty credits obtainable during a term in the case of prescribed progress. (...)  Course: actual opportunity provided and announced in a study period for the completion of a subject. It is a combination of contact lessons and the evaluation of learning outcomes. Depending on its type, the course may be linked to a specific location, time slot and instructor. The types and characteristics etc. of a course correspond to those of the study unit for which it was announced (duration, number of contact lessons, type of lesson, type of evaluation of learning outcomes). The content of the courses may be stand-alone or combined; Course (subject) registration: registration for and final confirmation of the subjects and courses in the Study Administration System (SAS) the student wants to complete in a given term; 
 [Credit] The University has a credit accumulation system that measures the credits for the fulfilment of all study requirements demanding a specific number of study hours and set as a precondition for obtaining a diploma for a qualification or degree (other than the criterion requirements), regardless the level of training and the study mode. One credit is equivalent to thirty study hours by a student on average. To complete a term, a student has to earn thirty credits on average. The University enables students to proceed based on the recommended curriculum and provides a timetable and a plan for the evaluation of learning outcomes to ensure that the dates of the mandatory and elective subjects of the same term do not coincide or overlap in the timetable and in the evaluation of learning outcomes – not including the exceptions defined in Title 31 of this Code. Credits of integer value must be allocated to subjects. The allocation of lessons and credit values to the subjects is part of the curriculum. Based on the way it is obtained, a credit can be earned or recognized.  In a programme a credit is earned if it is obtained by the student through completing the study requirements in the curriculum of the given academic (training) programme. A credit is recognized if it is assigned to a study performance recognized based on the process outlined in Title 36 hereunder. 
[General rules regarding credit recognition] Credits for the acquisition of any body of knowledge will be awarded one time only. A subject or group of subjects may be equated with another subject or group of subjects. Pursuant to subsection (3), equivalency may be unilateral or bilateral. Subject equivalency is determined by the Credit Transfer Committee (CTC) and the faculty in charge of the subjects records it in the SAS. Students are not required to meet the requirements of the curriculum if they have previously done so and are able to provide adequate proof for that. The credits collected during the studies in accordance with subsection (5) Section 49 of the Higher Education Act will be recognised based on studies conducted at any institution of higher education regardless of at which institution of higher education and on what training level students received their credits. Recognition is based on the comparison of learning outcomes associated with each subject. Recognition may not be denied if the learning outcomes of the previously completed subject and of the subject to be equated correspond at least to an extent of seventy five per cent or fifty per cent in case of subjects completed in an international exchange programme. The credit value of academic achievement recognised according to subsection (5), Section 49 of the Higher Education Act corresponds to the credit value of the subject considered as completed, however the grade earned may not be modified at a recognition of a subject. When multiple subjects are recognised as a single subject, the grade is determined based on the arithmetic mean of the grades of the completed subjects weighted with credits. In case of a subject completed in an EEA member state, grades based on the European Credit Transfer System (ECTS) will correspond to grades used in the University as follows: A (excellent) equals grade 5 (excellent), B (very good) equals grade 5 (excellent), C (good) equals grade 4 (good), D (satisfactory) grade 3 (satisfactory), 