Section 216/C. [Submission of requests for redress] A request for redress may be submitted only with respect to the decision contested, for reasons which are factually and directly related and it must be based on any infringement or harm directly resulting from the decision. A request for redress must reasoned. In the request for redress only new facts may be introduced, that of which the applicant was unaware during the proceedings of first instance or was unable to rely on such facts for reasons beyond their control. A request for redress must contain the student’s name, student identification number or identification code in the SAS, the student’s current student’s legal status and contact details (home address, email address, telephone number) and any other contact (if any); the name of the body or person whose decision is intended to be contested by the redress procedure; any information allowing and/or required for the identification of the contested decision and the manner and time of becoming aware of such decision; the infringement caused by the decision by presenting the supporting facts and evidence; a direct request to seek a decision from the body in charge of the redress procedure; and if the student uses a representative, the name, home address or domicile of the representative and the proof of authorisation of representation must be attached. Persons entitled to submit a request for redress may waive such right within the time frame of redress. The waiver of the right for redress may not be withdrawn and it shall be governed by the provisions on applications in other respects. Requests for redress may only be submitted by the students of the University in the SAS. The recipient of the request for redress must promptly forward it to the person or body acting in the first instance. Persons not having access to the SAS may submit a request for redress to the person or body acting in the first instance in electronic form (email). The request shall be authenticated (with digital authentication). 
Section 216/B. [Requests for redress] Unless otherwise specified herein, students may submit a request for redress against the decision of the person or body acting in the first instance within fifteen days after being informed or becoming aware of the decision. Requests for redress have suspensory effect. Requests for redress are adjudicated by the person or body acting in the first instance pursuant to subsection (4). When requests for redress are adjudicated by the Central Academic Office or the educational organisational unit, they must seek a formal opinion from the Faculty Study Committee, in case of students, or the Doctoral Study Committee, in case of doctoral students, within three working days following the submission of the request. Based on the formal opinion of the Faculty Study Committee or the Doctoral Study Committee, a resolution is issued, pursuant to subsection (3) of Section 212, and forwarded to the person or body authorised to adjudicate the request, within five days following the request seeking a formal opinion. Contrary to subsection(2), a request for redress have no suspensory effect if the body or person acting at first instance declares the decision immediately enforceable in order to prevent or mitigate the adverse effects of situations endangering human life, health or bodily integrity, or causing serious damages, or serious violation of personal rights. 
If a request for redress was not submitted via the electronic system operated by the Central Academic Office, the recipient of such request must forward it to the person or body acting in the first instance. In this case, the date of the original submission must be taken into consideration with respect to compliance with the time frame defined for redress but the time frame available for the procedure starts on the day when the request was transferred. If the Secretary of the Student Appeal Panel finds that the request for redress is based on equity [substantive assessment, subsection(5) Section 193], the request for redress shall be immediately transferred to the competent body. 