Dual training programme: Section 108(1b) of the Higher Education Act: a bachelor programme including extensive practice launched in fields of study such as technology, information technology, agriculture, science and economics, or a bachelor programme in social work, or a master programme pertaining to the aforementioned fields of study, where practical training is delivered, according to the curriculum of the programme (developed in line with the programme and outcome requirements, for full-time studies, containing specific provisions for the academic term, the methods of training, contact hours and the assessment of the acquired knowledge and skills), within the framework set by the Council for Dual Education, at qualified organisations; Individual course schedule: every term students may choose from the available study options, providing it is in accordance with the curriculum and the regulations, that is the criteria specified in the regulations and the curricula, which may differ from the recommended curriculum; Dismissal: termination of the student’s legal status; Quiz: every written form of the evaluation of learning outcomes which is taken in a controlled environment under the supervision of an instructor with a maximum completion time frame of 30 minutes; Lecture: contact lesson where the knowledge is primarily acquired through the instructor’s oral presentation; Prerequisite: completed subject which is specified as a prerequisite for registering another subject or curricular unit. The subject prerequisite can be compulsory or recommended. Concatenation of preliminary studies: the set of subjects based on interconnected, direct and indirect prerequisites, studied in multiple terms; in one concatenation, a weak prerequisite (signature obtained) or omission of a term between two consecutive components interrupts the concatenation; Preliminary course schedule: all the subject prerequisites for the subjects in the programme’s recommended curriculum; Preliminary requirements: all the learning outcomes that can be achieved in other subjects and subject groups, required for the acquisition of a particular subject’s learning outcomes. The preliminary requirement can be compulsory or recommended. 
 [Changing of work order of programme] At the student’s request, the study mode, including switching between dual and non-dual programmes, the language of instruction and the training location may be changed. The rules under Section 54. and Section 55. regarding transfer will be applied to the change of the study mode, language of instruction and the training location, as appropriate, disregarding the criteria for academic requirements. Academic programmes and training 
[Work order of programmes] Programmes under Section 11. may be organised in full-time (daytime), part-time (evening or correspondence), or distance learning format.  Full-time programmes must include at least 200 contact lessons (for doctoral studies at least 40 contact lessons) or the equivalent of closed-system online learning every term. Full-time programmes must be organised between 8 a.m and 8 p.m. on working days during weeks including 5 school-days weekly. Deviation from this provision is allowed subject to the agreement of the University Students’ Representation. Full-time programmes may also be offered as dual or cooperative programmes. The criteria regarding the organisation of dual programmes are determined by the rector, in agreement with the University Students’ Representation and the chancellor and the criteria regarding cooperative programmes are determined by the dean of the faculty in charge of the academic programme, in agreement with the programme owner and the Faculty Students’ Representation, in an order. The duration of part-time programmes – not including the training format under subsection (2)of Section 11. – is at least 30 and at most 50 per cent of the number of lessons in full-time programmes in each term. The duration of distance learning programmes must not exceed 30 per cent of the number of lessons in full-time programmes in each term. The duration of the training format under subsection (2)of Section 11.  is at least 20 and at most 50 per cent of the number of lessons in full-time programmes in each term. Classes are held as follows: in evening programmes, between 4 p.m. and 10 p.m. on working days and at weekends (Saturday) during the instruction period,  in correspondence programmes, unless otherwise agreed with the students concerned, with the combination of multiple classes, maximum every two weeks, on working days or at weekends (Saturday) and through the use of distance learning methods in the remaining part of the programme; in distance learning programmes, unless otherwise agreed with the students concerned, maximum every three weeks, on working days or at weekends (Saturday). 