[Registration] Students state before every academic term whether they are starting or continuing their studies [registration for active term], or suspending their studies [registration for passive term] (together 'registration') in that term. A previous registration may be withdrawn until 14 October in the autumn term and until 14 March in the spring term. Thereafter, registration or withdrawing registration for that term is not possible. Student legal status may be suspended after entering into the legal relationship (enrolment), even in the first term. If registration for an active term is withdrawn, that term will be classified as a passive term. If a student fails to comply with the obligation to register described in subsection (1), will be registered as a passive term and the student's legal status will be suspended for that term. (3a) A student may not register for an active term if at the time of enrolment they presented a certificate of qualification with a limited period of validity [subsection (1) of Section 56], which has already expired. Enrolment for the active term is possible if the student presents such certificate of qualification by the deadline specified in subsection (1). A student may request the retrospective activation of a passive term by applying in the SAS by the end of the second week of instruction provided that the student satisfies all the conditions of registering for the active term. The retrospective activation of a term may be made subject to a fee by regulation. Students are obliged to report any changes to their recorded personal data during the entire academic period. If there is a change in a student's personal data that has to be verified by presenting a document in proof, this can be done in person through the data controller while simultaneously presenting the original document. Students are obliged to report any change in their notification address (including the electronic e-mail address), their tax identification number or social security (TAJ) number immediately, in other words within eight days of the change taking place, also during the term. Students are liable for all consequences arising from failure to report such changes in data. 
In the extraordinary cases listed in subsection (2) of Section 45 of the Higher Education Act such as giving birth, having an accident or illness, or other unforeseen involuntary reasons, students may request in person or in the SAS or an authorised person that their registration be withdrawn by the end of the academic term at the latest by simultaneously presenting the original document or its version authenticated in the REAS or CEAS, in proof of the unforeseen reason. In such cases the FSC decides whether or not to withdraw the registration [retrospective classification as a passive term]. With regard to the provisions of the regulations on fees and benefits, the decision of the FSC on withdrawing registration must make provisions for the method and extent of reimbursing the fee paid by the student as well as any grant or other benefits paid to the student. ,By the end of the third week of instruction the data controller summarises the list of names of registered students (having active and passive status) and informs students whose registration is classified as invalid in the SAS [ex officio classification as a passive term]. Students who fail to register for courses register for courses, have a pending course registration application and do not participate in SAS-registered mobility programmes by the second working day of the third week of instruction shall have their term status changed to invalid by the data controller. The registration for active term will be invalid if based on information provided by the Higher Education Information System (hereinafter referred to as ‘HEIS’) prior to or at the beginning of the term (due to the expiry of the individual financing period or financing period defined for an academic programme), students transferred to a fee-paying programme fail to verify the continuation of their studies in a self-financing scheme – by signing a student’s study contract – until the end of the registration period. [retrospective invalidation of registration] 
If a student obtains knowledge of information classified as confidential whose disclosure would infringe the personal rights of others (in particular but not exclusively information that may infringe the human dignity of or abuse the trust of people who are ill or disabled, or information that is classified as confidential for another reason), such information must be kept secret. If the obligation of confidentiality is infringed, the student concerned will bear the legal consequences of this. Students with overdue payment obligations to the University (payment arrears) may not enrol, register for an active term, take a course, register for an examination (complex exam).  At the request of the student, the University shall make the documents issued by it available to the student in an electronically authenticated form via the SAS. Admission and transfer 